Tim Sackton: So we pick up on Vendrasharna
Tim Sackton: moments after you have teleported back from
Tim Sackton: a long, intense battle with your evil duplicates.
Tim Sackton: the debt, the jungle below you is seemingly quiet at the moment as the ship hovers above this absolutely massive temple of
Tim Sackton: the 8 Divines, the center of the of the Mosnuvement of worship in Drankur.
Tim Sackton: with a dome that must stretch
Tim Sackton: 3, 4, 500 feet across, just
Tim Sackton: absolutely massive compared to anything you've seen before on the periphery.
Tim Sackton: 8.
Tim Sackton: Domed chapels, each large enough to be its own temple, presumably representing the 8 individual gods.
Tim Sackton: and a large or sorry, I should say, a small plaza compared to the great plaza only a half mile away, but still a large plaza in its own right at the front of the temple.
Tim Sackton: But as you hover here, you recall
Tim Sackton: why you initially came to investigate the Temple, because this in your visions and
Tim Sackton: knowledge and stories and dreams over the past year or more in your travels is.
Tim Sackton: as far as you know, where rye was based when he was occupying drain car.
Tim Sackton: and it is the last known location of Apollyon's phylactery. The adamantine dagger.
Tim Sackton: woven with the souls of the sacrificed, that became
Tim Sackton: the engine by which Apollyon both became a lich and protected his soul from ever being destroyed.
Tim Sackton: And so, as you look out over the temple, the rest of Drankar in the distance, the massive, ruined
Tim Sackton: amphitheater to the northeast, the great plaza almost directly east of you, between here and the river
Tim Sackton: the occasional tower or dome sticking up from the trees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Marking, perhaps.
Tim Sackton: Manner, or a state of some Drankorian society, or
Tim Sackton: one of the many smaller temples scattered around the city. A guild in the distance
Tim Sackton: to the north you see the rise of hills, below which.
Tim Sackton: beyond which there's a valley that you know, although
Tim Sackton: the details are not clear from here behind the trees, but which, you know.
Tim Sackton: sits Apollyon's tomb, surrounded by the red mist of Shamutz plague.
Tim Sackton: and so faced now with the challenge of finding this lost dagger which your
Tim Sackton: doppelgangers taunted you with the knowledge
Tim Sackton: that it could not be found by any of your abilities
Tim Sackton: which they had tried to use to recover the dagger in drink, or perhaps a lie no one knows.
Tim Sackton: and still uncertain as to whether the lightning tower in the distance will have some auto fire ability
Tim Sackton: that will trigger if you approach any closer than you are now.
Tim Sackton: or whether it is now safe to fly the ship across the ruins below you
Tim Sackton: turn to each other, and what would you like to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where are we with respect to rest.
Tim Sackton: It's like 10 in the morning.
Tim Sackton: You have not rested since the battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Gee!
Tim Sackton: Take the next 18 h to rest. If you would like to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What 18 h.
Tim Sackton: Well, because you can't
Tim Sackton: take a long rest until 24 h have passed since your last round last. So since.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just.
Tim Sackton: About 2 h ago, or 3 h ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that was a crazy battle that we were in also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. That was.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am. I am pretty much empty.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you've got all your 3rd level slots left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I could do plenty of.
Tim Sackton: Catapults and healing words.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's all you need to summon the ladder at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can use a 3rd level slot to do the anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how do? How do we find the dagger?
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can like, since Adamantium had a
Eric Rosenbaum: 300 foot range. I think it is.
Tim Sackton: A 1,000 foot range.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, a thousand! I got better.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got better at it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me off!
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can. Can we also do some stuff to like to your glove, to make it like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a thousand x that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be cool rules-wise, I think stone sense is not a spell, so I don't think the mad the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like a magic item, basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But you can do it 3 times.
Kate Sackton: There was a spell. I was gonna cast, but I think that I would have to be doing it like tomorrow, because I don't think I have it prepared.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's spell.
Kate Sackton: I don't know. Find stuff I can't remember.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, object. I think.
Kate Sackton: Thank you, Mike.
Kate Sackton: That was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like buying stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, do you like find stuff at 8th level?
Eric Rosenbaum: I have that wand of
Eric Rosenbaum: detect magic which can also detect interdimensional portals. Have we used that here in in town.
Tim Sackton: I don't remember when we last used that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we have. It's worth just like.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you used it today.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just pull it out of my pocket just to see what it points, at. What direction.
Tim Sackton: The nearest portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm talking about.
Tim Sackton: It points north.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah, everything is north of here. Basically.
Tim Sackton: But it's not pointing like directly below you.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like toward the horizon, more.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's not. It's just a compass direction. It doesn't give you 3D orientation, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want is this.
Tim Sackton: Not like spinning around confused, because you're right above a portal or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good just ruling that out.
Kate Sackton: We had talked about like zigzagging across
Kate Sackton: the the area, using locate object and adamantine, you know, stone sense alternating.
Kate Sackton: or at simultaneous pattern to like. Make up, you know.
Kate Sackton: efficiently use spell slots or whatnot.
Mike Sackton: Yours is a spell. No, yours isn't a spell. Mine is a spell, but yours isn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mine is instantaneous, so it's not like I can scan continuously with it. I can just 3 times
Eric Rosenbaum: check the 1,000 foot spherical 3 times a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Tim Sackton: 1,000 foot radius from where you are in all directions.
Kate Sackton: 3 times a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we should probably do that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we can find you 3 different spots that are in non-overlapping 1,000 foot.
Kate Sackton: It ringed and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have any like evidence-based ideas about where it might be?
Tim Sackton: Well, as I said in my introduction, its last known location was in the temple right below you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I may as well just try here. Right, everybody.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean it can't hurt to. I I don't think it's gonna be that easy, but it can't hurt right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So so we'll pull a ship. So we're directly over the dome.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could crack this dome like an egg if we wanted to. But we're not going to.
Eric Rosenbaum: How? How high
Eric Rosenbaum: is that dome up off the ground like, what? How high is that top of that dome?
Tim Sackton: Pretty tall. That's a few 100 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we have to bring the ship pretty far down even to like. Be make sure that I'm scanning like the ground
Eric Rosenbaum: because it's going to be tall.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's a thousand feet. Well, yeah, if you want to, you'd have to. You want to get pretty close to the ground. So the middle of the circle is.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker? Will descend into the bowels of the ship also, so that I'm near the actual bottom of the underside of the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then bring us down.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems not unsafe to just like. Get pretty close
Eric Rosenbaum: to the top of the dome. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody. Okay, with this. I'm gonna bring it to within like
Eric Rosenbaum: a hundred feet. The bottom of the ship is a hundred feet.
Kate Sackton: 1,000 feet wide. Is it.
Tim Sackton: It's a you're the center of a thousand foot diameter, a radius sphere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, or I could bring us down in the big plaza in front of the temple.
Kate Sackton: That's what I'm getting at is, could we just go next to the temple so you can go lower.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're going next to the Temple, so we can go lower, just like whatever Rizwyn says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing is.
Tim Sackton: Saying, just listen to her, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not that we end up doing.
Kate Sackton: Different. And that worked out well, too.
Tim Sackton: You descend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as you descend you can see a little bit more detail of the
Tim Sackton: plaza and the sort of general layout so there are, I mean, this was once the middle of a of a neighborhood. Right? You can see a bunch of buildings which are.
Tim Sackton: There's a few trees, but not dense jungle growing particularly close to the temple
Tim Sackton: further away, like, I don't know if you're on roll 20. You can see the map like.
Tim Sackton: you know when you get 5, 600 feet away from the Temple.
Tim Sackton: You know you're you're getting into some dense jungle, but as you come down you
Tim Sackton: you can see. This sort of
Tim Sackton: massive arched entryway that has statues of the 8 divines arrayed on top of it.
Tim Sackton: And these huge reinforced bronze doors that are decorated with a whole bunch of like intricate scenes. You're not close enough to see the details
Tim Sackton: and the fronts out onto this small open plaza, small like 100
Tim Sackton: by 200 feet. Something like that.
Tim Sackton: There's a fountain of the plaza that's bubbling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Tim Sackton: That's not. No, that's the great plaza that's much bigger. That's like a thousand feet.
Tim Sackton: It's just a little. It's not really clearly marked on the map. It's just this little open.
Eric Rosenbaum: Over here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, basically. Right there.
Tim Sackton: And as you do
Tim Sackton: you, as you get towards the bottom seeker triggers his rune.
Tim Sackton: And in addition to, is there any adamantine you can also ask about something else.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, choose 2 right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So name a specific type of metal so adamantium.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it says, you learn the location of the most significant stationary deposit.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can select this option twice, meaning, like another type of.
Tim Sackton: A different type of metal. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, tunnels I'm gonna ask about
Eric Rosenbaum: under any significant tunnels or underground excavation.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you do not sense any adamantine.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there is a large.
Tim Sackton: Excavated underground area beneath Temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey! Tim!
Eric Rosenbaum: Standard.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the phylactery, what is actually inside the dagger.
Tim Sackton: Your understanding is that
Tim Sackton: It is like a.
Tim Sackton: The dagger is like.
Tim Sackton: woven somehow with a bunch of souls of people that Apollyon killed when they were tied up with the manacles and his
Tim Sackton: tower on the circular island, and they all form like a protective cocoon around Apollyon's soul
Tim Sackton: that hides in the phylactery, and as long as it's in the phylactery he can always create a new body whenever he dies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Kenzo is gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna use my kind of sense aura like consciousness ability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I'm gonna like do I'm I'm assuming that we could have short rested at some point right?
Tim Sackton: You can short rest now, if you'd like to you as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just want. I just want to get all my key back.
Tim Sackton: Can you wanna just take an hour to short rest while you're discussing and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, while while all of this is happening on a short rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what Kenzo will do is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cause Kenzo has the unique
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't even know what advantage slash just happened. I actually know Polyon, I've like stared at him, and like spent a bunch of time with the Polyon in the soul, in the plane of consciousness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but, Tim, I'm going to like just deeply, deeply, deeply, like, you know, given my like, the the time I've actually spent with Apollyon's actual kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: consciousness. Slash soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna I'm gonna use my my my ability. You know, to kind of like tune into like very specific and and basically try to find the dagger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I'm gonna like, do it like a a full on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why the hell not? I'm gonna like like, do it like ritual style. Spend all of my key like 15 key. Just spend all of it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Put my senses out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cause the normal radius of that thing is like 30 miles or something like that, right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it's coarse. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wow.
Tim Sackton: You can. If you're looking for a specific, it's got it. You can either look for a specific
Tim Sackton: if you're looking for like aberrations or something, or Faye is coarse. But if you want to look for a specific.
Tim Sackton: a specific soul that you know it's not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Can pinpoint.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that I'm gonna do that I'm gonna do that. And and again, this is like, just any kind of signature I'm looking for, you know any kind of signature.
Tim Sackton: I don't think you've actually used this today, so you don't need to spend any key on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. I mean, I was just.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Oh, no, you used it when you were approaching the.
Tim Sackton: So you need to spend 6 key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But but I wanted to spend more key just to like, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: There's no I mean there's no I I get the vibe, but like there's no meditate and focus. You don't need to waste.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! Alright! But I've succeeded, man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know what the rest.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a wisdom check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One second out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry we can do something. I have to load up role.
Tim Sackton: If anybody wants to use hit dice or do any other short rest stuff.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let me look at my.
Eric Rosenbaum: They had a million hit dice.
Tim Sackton: Oops!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, you wanted me to do. What a wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's just d 20 plus 3.
Tim Sackton: E. 20 plus 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm listening to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why don't I? Can I can I like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I don't think, have I used? I don't think I've used my
Tim Sackton: I don't remember who used it. I don't know if you guys very good at tracking these things, but.
Mike Sackton: Everybody has new heroic inspiration. Anyway, if we're short resting.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So everybody's got new heroic inspiration, anyway.
Mike Sackton: So if you if you didn't remember, if you used it or not, you can just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. I'm gonna reroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Like check off your inspiration, because now you're using it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck. I rolled worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For all the 7 total dammit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Tim Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ultra brutal.
Tim Sackton: You reach out
Tim Sackton: And the really, the only thing that
Tim Sackton: you feel is actually like a conspicuous absence of a polyon soul like
Tim Sackton: you don't even sense any trace of it like maybe it's magically hidden. Somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is it also is this kind of what it feels like? It's it's like, if it were in another dimension or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what I'm thinking. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Kind of like that right? It's like there's no absolutely no echo of it anywhere that you can sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crazy observatory thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is going to make this a lot harder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They could literally be anywhere, you know, any any little like random portal into another.
Mike Sackton: Wait. The nearest planner portal was just north, that's all we knew.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but he wouldn't necessarily have used a portal.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the the ship's observatory.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use your observer. I can use the observer to peer into the far corners of wild space, which what even is that? And the astral plane
Eric Rosenbaum: you can contact? You can cast contact other plane once within 7 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whenever you spend an entire long rest in the observatory itself. Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Right? Well, there's many. You have many ways of contacting extra dimensional beings for help
Tim Sackton: we had dealt with in Riswyn. To begin with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what is peering into the far corners of wild space in the asteroid.
Tim Sackton: Nothing. It's just. It's just gloss over the fact that you can contact other extra minor being.
Eric Rosenbaum: But like is wild space, something that we've.
Tim Sackton: I don't think even exists in Talgar. It's like it's like smoking.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see, I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like, what.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just ignore.
Mike Sackton: It's like a d and d extra planner thing.
Tim Sackton: This is like I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ethics.
Tim Sackton: Isaac's running a campaign in spell jammer now and there. It's all like pirates in space. Basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Play. That sounds awesome. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: do we have any?
Eric Rosenbaum: So what do we know about the connections that Apollyon has with other planes?
Mike Sackton: Don't think we know much right.
Tim Sackton: I mean what you know about the phylactery is probably made it.
Tim Sackton: He was separated from it by Shamat, but it wasn't destroyed.
Tim Sackton: When Shamat died. Rai caught it in his hand
Tim Sackton: and kept it from cutting open Shamutz prison.
Tim Sackton: and, as far as you know, Rye guarded it up until the moment he left
Tim Sackton: to go deal with the limbo chaos. Shamut echoes in isn't gay with the mom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You meant a polyons person.
Tim Sackton: A pilot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay, hold on.
Tim Sackton: Well. Shamut was the one who originally imprisoned upon it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Right. Polyon's present.
Tim Sackton: and you're pretty sure that Apollyon has never
Tim Sackton: been anywhere near the phylactery, because if he was, he could cut himself free of his prison.
Tim Sackton: The only reason he's still imprisoned is because he can't get the phylactory.
Mike Sackton: Great.
Kate Sackton: Which would explain him, actually having his lackeys search for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of that.
Mike Sackton: That's a good point. Actually, I didn't even think of that. But yes, obviously he would have had his lackeys try to find it right.
Mike Sackton: because if they could have found it, they could have brought it to him and freed him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How the fuck are we gonna fight it, those hard?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, don't we have like a.
Kate Sackton: Better versions of ourselves.
Mike Sackton: I mean. But wait, hold on, hold on! Let's take a step back. We what do we
Mike Sackton: last? We saw the flak tree
Mike Sackton: like rye had it right like I.
Tim Sackton: I had it in the temple that's below you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay?
Mike Sackton: And then, sorry, I I'm just full disclosure. There's
Mike Sackton: we're deploying software Thailand tonight. And I'm like.
Mike Sackton: can't avoid helping answer a few people questions because it's like.
Mike Sackton: I'm like online. Normally, when I'm not. So, I'm slightly distracted. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Mike Gpt is unavailable for that.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we tried to invent. Mike Gpt, it didn't go that. Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess.
Mike Sackton: That's good for your job. Security? Yeah, totally.
Kate Sackton: Are they asking you for toast and bread and fruit and snacks?
Kate Sackton: No, that's my problem.
Mike Sackton: Now they're asking me why things don't work. And I'm telling them I'm not gonna fix their problems tonight.
Mike Sackton: the.
Mike Sackton: So I apologize if you just said this because I was answering somebody's question to tell them I'm not gonna fix their problem tonight. But
Mike Sackton: we know Rai was holding the flag tree.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, right where it was protected was keeping it right, and
Mike Sackton: he must have. But we don't know what he did with it.
Tim Sackton: You don't know what he did with it when he left, but he didn't take it with him.
Mike Sackton: But presumably there's a presumption that he must have put it somewhere right. Is that.
Tim Sackton: Unlikely he would have just left it lying around Drankar for anybody to find that seems out of character.
Mike Sackton: So so rye presumably hit it somewhere that we could find it.
Mike Sackton: But our doppelgangers couldn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He? He didn't know about the doppelgangers.
Mike Sackton: No, but he knew about like he would want to have hit it somewhere. That would have been.
Mike Sackton: but I would have wanted to have stuck the phylactery somewhere.
Mike Sackton: That would have been hard for a minion of a Polyon to find, but not
Mike Sackton: necessarily. I mean he doesn't want the flash rate unfindable right? Because ultimately, anybody who's going to try and kill, I mean, it's why didn't rye destroy it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, probably time travel to the future
Eric Rosenbaum: to coordinate with us, so that he could then go back
Eric Rosenbaum: and put it in a place where he could also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright us a secret message, so that we would know where to look well.
Tim Sackton: But but Mike asked a very good question.
Tim Sackton: There must be a reason why Raiden destroyed.
Mike Sackton: And I mean, why didn't Chamutt destroy it?
Tim Sackton: Also a good question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I think what we all, what we just have to do is we all need to close our eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Imagine that we are rye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where did we leave our cartoons?
Tim Sackton: Maria Kong. This is on you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where did we leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where do we put it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: But no, actually, why not destroy it, though that's very interesting.
Mike Sackton: Kong is like the.
Mike Sackton: It's like the secret message you wrote in the Alexandria log to your future self.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It totally is totally like you just need to. We just need to. Just we know the answer already. We know it.
Tim Sackton: No rise on Npc. Now.
Mike Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: Think the Baharazell have any ideas about? Why, one wouldn't destroy a phylactery.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can always ask.
Mike Sackton: But don't we have to ask? It is the same as your mind. Right? You have to ask like one word or yes, no type questions not.
Tim Sackton: Say, why didn't he destroy it?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So? Is there some reason.
Kate Sackton: Well, we could say something like is, now is
Kate Sackton: we plan to destroy the phylactery
Kate Sackton: right before we kill him right after we kill him.
Kate Sackton: Is that safe that could have, like a yes or no answer
Kate Sackton: right? Because we're planning to destroy it because we think it's necessary to keep him dead.
Tim Sackton: It is necessary.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: but there must be some. Maybe there's some reason that him not being dead is important for the stability of the multiverse in some other way.
Mike Sackton: I think it's got to be something else. It's got to either. Be that destroying the flag tree will let him out of his prison.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Or I mean, that could be one option right? It breaks his prison somehow. It's tied to his prison.
Mike Sackton: which case fine we get. We get what you know. Kenza really wants client to be freed, anyway.
Mike Sackton: But that could be why, Rye wouldn't have done it if he felt like
Mike Sackton: he wasn't prepared to actually take on and kill Apollyon
Mike Sackton: right? But why didn't Chamutt destroy it
Mike Sackton: like, why did she want imprison? Do we do wait? Hold on now might be a time.
Mike Sackton: Can we use one of our 5? What would? What would be Elvin? Right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, before we use it. Let me just ask if everybody agrees. But
Mike Sackton: why wouldn't Shamut I mean, the question here is, why wouldn't Shamut have killed Apollyon
Mike Sackton: like Shamut was clearly defeated? Apollyon and trapped Apollyon in a trap.
Mike Sackton: Right? What? What would be the reasons why you wouldn't just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Destroy.
Mike Sackton: Hey!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but Shamut didn't have the dagger
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a polyon, has the dagger, and then he goes and hides it someplace, or puts it someplace. Nobody can find it right, so Shamut can't kill him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like all he can do is imprison him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we.
Kate Sackton: Do we know that.
Mike Sackton: The deck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Mike Sackton: Where I found it.
Tim Sackton: You saw a vision of Rai finding it. Apollyon was attempting to summon the dagger to himself.
Tim Sackton: and Rye caught it out of thin air before it.
Tim Sackton: So it is very likely that Apollyon hid the dagger from Shemat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that makes sense.
Tim Sackton: Chamutt died. Bonds weakened enough, and he tried.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Magically teleport it.
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? Right? So, okay, so so
Mike Sackton: Apollyon hides the flag tree somewhere. Quite clever. That makes it quite difficult for anybody to find Schmut. Therefore what is he gonna do? He's not going to kill Apollyon because he'll just come back to life right? He can't
Mike Sackton: correct. So he prisons him. Then Shamut dies that weakens the bonds, and Apollyon's like, oh, I can steal the phylactery back.
Mike Sackton: He tries to rye, catches it so Rai doesn't know where it had been. Nobody knows where it had been right doesn't matter right? Okay, doesn't matter right? And so then
Mike Sackton: why didn't I destroy it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is a very good question.
Mike Sackton: Not sure that the Alf would necessarily know that.
Kate Sackton: But it's probably your theory that he was like.
Tim Sackton: Give you advice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Worth a try.
Kate Sackton: Sorry the Elf could give us a basis.
Tim Sackton: No, when, when when the last, at 1 point when they were when they're when Riswin was
Tim Sackton: valiantly defending the oryx and cementing her status as the hero of Uzgacar, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The rest of the party was dawdling on their way back from Toland, stopping everywhere they could.
Tim Sackton: They stopped in Orinlos, the elven kingdom, and they spoke to this ancient elf
Tim Sackton: woman, arrest A, who had fought.
Tim Sackton: who was old enough to have fought a polyon when he was before he became a leg
Tim Sackton: and they spent it. The everybody's. The party spent an afternoon.
Tim Sackton: like most of a day like talking to her, and, like Kenzo like, healed her a little bit. And all this stuff happened, and rather than
Tim Sackton: rather than like, give you information. Then
Tim Sackton: we decided there was like a Meta resource where I
Tim Sackton: 5 times you can ask a question. What would arrest advice be about this?
Tim Sackton: And then we'll just pretend. That was the advice that she gave the party.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's good good idea to use it now.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So wondering why Rye didn't destroy the factory, you recall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where? Where do you? Where do you want to put it?
Tim Sackton: Where Rai might have put it.
Mike Sackton: Let let's start with, just not destroy, and then we'll.
Tim Sackton: Or else I might not know where rye would the phylac tree
Tim Sackton: but in terms of destroying it.
Tim Sackton: You know you recall her spending a long time talking about all the complexities of the magic of undeath that creates liches.
Tim Sackton: Malactories are not simple to destroy or often not so.
Tim Sackton: And it's often the case as she tells it.
Tim Sackton: But unless you know how the factory was made.
Tim Sackton: it might be impossible to figure out how to unmake it.
Tim Sackton: and is only with the knowledge of its creation that one can decipher
Tim Sackton: the ritual needed to ensure its complete destruction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of. We kind of watched it being made, didn't we?
Mike Sackton: Dead!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only watched it being made.
Tim Sackton: Have a Polyon's notes, right? That detailed precise detail, how he made it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is gonna involve us like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing something to free the souls that are binding the dagger.
Tim Sackton: Very likely.
Kate Sackton: Made.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did we see more detail about the souls.
Tim Sackton: In seekers like when speak seekers spent an afternoon or a day like, or an afternoon reading
Tim Sackton: the notes. You were mostly focused on figuring out the
Tim Sackton: the details of how to use the forge.
Tim Sackton: But you're pretty sure that, like I mean, it was all in code. You'd have to spend a little bit more time reading it.
Tim Sackton: You're pretty sure there was a whole section on the
Tim Sackton: the victims that were used to like Apollyon had notes on everybody. He killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So I think when we find the dagger, that's what we'll have to do. We'll have to do some like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feeling stuff around those people.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And like free them they they all those souls need to be like freed from the dagger, and then that'll expose Apollyons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: blackened, crispy soul for us to eat.
Tim Sackton: But Rye, of course, did not have a pie.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right, right, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he couldn't do it because he didn't know. And oh, okay, that makes sense cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: So only we have the arcane knowledge needed to destroy the factory.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But where the.
Mike Sackton: Well, so right. So where would I have put it? That's the next question
Mike Sackton: where I would have needed to hide it somewhere.
Mike Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: Apoll, I mean the his key concern would have been. Apollyon. Can't not finding it right.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's not a plane himself, but a set of agents that obey him.
Mike Sackton: Righty, I mean the temple is promising right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we're we're doing those tunnels.
Mike Sackton: Like I feel like somewhere
Mike Sackton: under the like, somewhere, like where would you hide something?
Mike Sackton: I mean, Apollyon, and the gods are kind of.
Tim Sackton: Enemies.
Mike Sackton: Enemies. Yeah, right at some level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so where would you hide something to hide it from? The gods?
Kate Sackton: No, wouldn't text something that a Polyanne wanted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Say it again!
Kate Sackton: The gods would protect something that Apolly.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I just think the Temple is a promising place to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Right, because because it would be the kind of thing that gods would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so like, maybe Rai sought out the protection of one or all of the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know any who's got like the phone number.
Kate Sackton: They're both 9.
Kate Sackton: Call a god and say, gods around here protecting any pulak trees.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You were right, though. Would you want to keep the dagger like in dranklore? Still like so close to?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only has 2.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do you have a choice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe not.
Mike Sackton: Like. Why was Ryan? Why not well could drive?
Mike Sackton: Could jade statue? Rai actually move around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take a teleport.
Mike Sackton: I mean he was, but he was hanging out in this temple for a long time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think that was nice to keep the keep. Pollyan is prison.
Mike Sackton: But he was holding the flak tree, wasn't he?
Mike Sackton: Wasn't while he was hidden while he was here. Wasn't he like literally holding the flag tray, didn't he only hide it when he left.
Tim Sackton: It's not obvious that.
Mike Sackton: Is that not clear?
Tim Sackton: Left.
Tim Sackton: He hit it before he left, but he was here for
Tim Sackton: 100 plus years between when I 1st teleported in, and when he left.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Did he hold it all 100 years, or just sort of guard it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember, the other thing we can do is find rye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's the other thing we can do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because he's he's not dead. He's still someplace.
Eric Rosenbaum: What ended up happening with the pieces of jade.
Tim Sackton: All on Kenza's staff. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we have, like one of Rai's entire hands, basically.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So where's the rest of him?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the is the question.
Tim Sackton: Somewhere in isn't gay or on another plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: Like deal with a different problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Should we just go explore the temple?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, that was the last known location. We might learn some stuff there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So it's close to noon. You've rested and spoke for a while.
Tim Sackton: The Temple's right there you can set up your telepathy, and off the ship go in
Tim Sackton: any last words, for Faldrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Mike Sackton: Oops!
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we want them to do if we don't come back immediately?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, how long do we expect to be gone?
Eric Rosenbaum: 24 h.
Mike Sackton: Not even, I mean.
Mike Sackton: we're not even. We're not even long resting right like we better not be getting into like 26 fights down there right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I can't do much. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Although I guess
Mike Sackton: seeker and rizwin are the only long rest dependent. The rest of us are totally fine. With a short
Mike Sackton: your heroes. Feast runs out at 7 Pm.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does that do? Again.
Tim Sackton: You're no longer immune to fear. So the oppressive fear Aura that exudes around all of drankor.
Tim Sackton: We'll get ya.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gets everybody moving.
Tim Sackton: Well, yes, okay, not Kenzel.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if we consider that our deadline.
Mike Sackton: I think it's more reasonable to assume we're gonna explore for a couple of hours and come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: what? What do do we want to tell Falderick to do anything in particular? If we don't come back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're gonna come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just tell him not to worry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell him to like, assign a party to come, search for us.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, he's on board.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you stay on the ship, but you can send out a search party if we don't come back after 7 pm. Tonight.
Tim Sackton: We'll do our best.
Kate Sackton: I mean, are we gonna try to stay in communication like we did before.
Tim Sackton: Well, that lasts for that lasts for an hour, and then re-OP it.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Let's go.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: We would step off the ship.
Tim Sackton: and you find yourself in this plaza with the bubbling fountain
Tim Sackton: on the edges of the of the plaza. There's an occasional tree, and and you can, even, despite the Kira's feast
Tim Sackton: and the blessings of the Barazao protecting you, you can still feel like the oppressive
Tim Sackton: closeness and and malice that oozes from the dark places a few 100 feet away, where the trees crowd in around the ruins.
Tim Sackton: But the this plaza in front of the temple itself is open, and and the temple
Tim Sackton: almost seems to have this welcoming
Tim Sackton: aura to it. The doors stand closed.
Tim Sackton: But you can almost feel the warmth radiating out from them these huge bronze doors that are decorated with
Tim Sackton: all sorts of motifs, and seeing some that you recognize. You see the
Tim Sackton: depiction of the circular island
Tim Sackton: striding through the water, carrying refugees from car.
Tim Sackton: So you push the doors open and step into the temple.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, before we do that I'll just reach down with a palm to the stone cobbles and do
Eric Rosenbaum: tremor sense that was gone.
Tim Sackton: Nothing is moving within what 30 feet, I think, or 60 feet was the range.
Eric Rosenbaum: 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Nothing is moving within 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You step, push the doors open, and you step into the temple itself.
Tim Sackton: There's a oops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's in good shape, too.
Mike Sackton: Actually in this good shape.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It's in great shape.
Kate Sackton: And does it feel less oppressively
Kate Sackton: like all of a sudden? We don't feel the what you were just describing.
Tim Sackton: Let me describe it, I'll get to that. So the
Tim Sackton: the doors open into this sort of grand hall.
Tim Sackton: this entryway that passes into this massive open chamber, like probably 400 feet across. The huge dome stretching up above you, light and
Tim Sackton: color filtering through the dome, many colors dancing along the marble floor that seemed to be
Tim Sackton: lit brightly by the sun, maybe somehow amplifying or reflecting. The sun, whether by magic or mirrors, is not clear.
Tim Sackton: and the floor itself vast marble floor that stretches through this
Tim Sackton: this large chamber. This central chamber.
Tim Sackton: seems to be giving off this
Tim Sackton: emanation or aura of warmth and
Tim Sackton: and peacefulness, as you sort of stride towards the chamber. The the temple itself. So the shape is this.
Tim Sackton: it's like a dome in the middle, but then it's almost like it's not a quite a circular. It's like a
Tim Sackton: 10 sided polygon around the edge, and 8 of those 10 sides have these have these
Tim Sackton: arches that lead open arches that lead to these elaborate
Tim Sackton: you might call them side chapels, but they're much bigger than what a side chapel really would be. They're really almost temples in their own right.
Tim Sackton: each dedicated to one of the 8 divines
Tim Sackton: the inner chapter itself. This huge chamber is relatively empty, but there's a large altar placed sort of not directly in the middle, a bit towards the back, the far side from where you are
Tim Sackton: made of a solid piece of this
Tim Sackton: incredible marble that's curving along the sides with decorated with inlaid gold. There's gold chalices and gem encrusted candelabra that decorate, that sit on the altar untouched
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: carving along the sides. There's 2 choir stalls made of marble and wood, with fine silver work, and the whole thing has this
Tim Sackton: feeling of preservation like there's none of the none of the, you know, darkness of the
Tim Sackton: jungle itself. None of the sort of
Tim Sackton: creeping horror of the plague. Echoes seem to penetrate here.
Kate Sackton: We should invite those poor tortured halflings in here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: How big, how big is it? It's pretty big, right?
Tim Sackton: Like 400 feet across diameter, the central chamber. But then there's the
Tim Sackton: side temples, the 8 side temples that are each, you know, a hundred feet or so.
Mike Sackton: Is there any like signs of inhabitation.
Tim Sackton: I mean nothing obvious to 1st glance.
Kate Sackton: It's not dusty.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's not. It looks in good shape, but it's not obvious whether that's due to magic or inhabitants.
Tim Sackton: There's not like a there's not like a you know,
Tim Sackton: campsite set up in the middle with a fire pit and a
Tim Sackton: soup pot, and you know, bedrolls or anything.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: But there's not a roomba either, you know.
Tim Sackton: Right? Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Hold on, Schwartz, can you, Schwartz? Are you there?
schwartz: Yeah, I am. I'm driving home right now. So I can
schwartz: hope people join video for a while.
Tim Sackton: No, no worries. I was gonna just do a quick recap. The
Tim Sackton: information learned so far. Basically somebody jump in. If I forget something is they're looking for the phylactery.
Tim Sackton: the adamantine dagger no seekers Stone sends didn't find any adamantine.
Tim Sackton: But then, again, you're doppelgangers warned you that
Tim Sackton: they couldn't find it so didn't expect you to find it
Tim Sackton: based on using one of the Meta
Tim Sackton: questions for the elf and born loss figured out that
Tim Sackton: Rye probably could not destroy the phylactery because it needed
Tim Sackton: to destroy the file actor. You needed knowledge of how it was made.
Tim Sackton: and Kenzo presumes that means freeing all the souls that Apollyon murdered in order to make the phylactery.
Tim Sackton: thereby destroying the factory.
Tim Sackton: There is a list of Apollyon's victims that could be deciphered from his notes. But Rai obviously didn't have his notes, which you got on the island, so Rai could not destroy the phylac.
Tim Sackton: having no idea where it might be.
Tim Sackton: The decision was made to just go look in the temple, which was the last place where I was, and
Tim Sackton: where we are now, is just entering the interior of the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How are we on mirror charges.
Mike Sackton: We.
Tim Sackton: You use the mirror?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Factory.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the last mirror vision was
Tim Sackton: May 19.th So it's gonna be another.
Tim Sackton: It's May 20 second now. So it would be May 26th that it recharged, if you're like, halfway till it recharges.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, sometimes you get lucky, and it recharges a day.
Tim Sackton: No easy mirror uses right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that would have been useful to use the mirror in here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This actually was the last place the locker room.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So as you enter, what do you want to do?
Mike Sackton: Hold on one second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, search right? Around.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there was something about an altar, the amazing marble of the altar. So seekers attracted to that some interesting stonework.
schwartz: I think Welby's looking for any possible traces of footprints or people passing through, or
schwartz: anything like that at all.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pensa sees if the daggers been left anywhere like just on like the countertop, or you know, just kinda.
Kate Sackton: 1st one joins Kenzo in the obvious search.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, one other thing, it's ten-sided, which is weird, isn't it?
Tim Sackton: Well, it's I mean the the way it's designed. The the
Tim Sackton: the vibe is supposed to be. There's like 8 sides for the gods. But then there's an entryway
Tim Sackton: and a symmetric like backside.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see, I see.
Tim Sackton: So it's really sort of 8 sided. But.
Kate Sackton: With architect, all features.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: When you're inside it. The vibe definitely feels like 8 sided, because there's these 8 huge archways.
Tim Sackton: 4 on each, you know, making almost a complete circle around it that each lead into these side passages. So the shape like looking from above like
Tim Sackton: Chat Gpt couldn't quite get it perfect, but it's supposed to look like. And then
Tim Sackton: 8 small circles surrounding it, connected by these large archways.
Tim Sackton: So Seeker is, gonna go look at the altar.
Tim Sackton: Bobby is searching for any signs of footprints or inhabitation, or anything.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is pacing around just looking okay.
Kate Sackton: I mean, it seems like divination, not a work particular.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we're.
Kate Sackton: It's not like him, my divines maybe I should just ass, I mean.
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Ask if anybody's been here.
Kate Sackton: We'll ask if I don't know. Like.
Mike Sackton: Where is this underground.
Tim Sackton: You don't see, and there's no obvious
Tim Sackton: exits from this room. From this big chamber.
Mike Sackton: I guess seeker sense doesn't tell us exactly where it is.
Tim Sackton: I mean under the Temple, but it doesn't. It's not a map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I wanna like spend a few minutes
Mike Sackton: scouting around like just trying to look around.
Mike Sackton: Where are the passages? What are the like? Is there like any
Mike Sackton: further places we can go. Just get a sense of the place. And then I'm gonna take a minute because ghostly gaze only work works last for a minute, but I'll take a minute and go check everywhere with ghostly gaze that would make sense
Mike Sackton: to
Mike Sackton: there to be like a secret door, or something behind the wall, or something underground, or like. Take 5 or 10 min to scout first, st and like, figure out all the places that would make sense to go
Mike Sackton: like, like, you know, a nook that really anywhere where the edges of a space
Mike Sackton: would set it up so that there could be something behind the wall, or underneath.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Kate, what does Risen, wanna do? And seeker Eric seekers just going to like inspect the altar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: This one's letting the inspirational nature of the place
Kate Sackton: help her sort of try to formulate a question. Something like is an object protected
Kate Sackton: within this temple or below it, or, you know, like.
Kate Sackton: try to ask the most specific and yet all inclusive question that I can think I'm formulating a question.
Tim Sackton: Okay, okay, so
Tim Sackton: Kong, why don't you roll it? You and you and Welby are searching, so why don't you roll
Tim Sackton: a d. 20. But we'll use Welby's stats because he gets like a plus a million.
Tim Sackton: but roll with advantage because you're helping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'm just roll, just roll a d 20.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, with advantage.
Tim Sackton: And.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God!
Kate Sackton: What the fuck guys.
Tim Sackton: Well, it doesn't matter, because the lowest that well, we can roll is a 10,
Tim Sackton: and if you roll the one you can reroll at cause. He's a half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Then I'm gonna reroll that one. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go!
Tim Sackton: That's what I'm talking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of a.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait. There we go. 19. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. Yep.
Tim Sackton: So that's a with wellbees plus 13. That's a 20.
Tim Sackton: That's a.
Kate Sackton: Me too.
Tim Sackton: No plus 3, rd 19 plus 13 is 32.
Kate Sackton: It will be.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Eric, can you roll an investigation for seeker?
Tim Sackton: And Mike roll and a separate perception check for Domin.
Mike Sackton: Reception, or I guess, perception.
Tim Sackton: I guess investigation. If you're looking for like where secret doors might be.
Mike Sackton: I think I'd rather roll perception.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: 5 on the investigation.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Our D and D beyond is not being. Yeah, perceptions are way better.
Mike Sackton: I got it right.
Mike Sackton: Terrible role.
Mike Sackton: I might re. I might use heroic inspiration and reroll that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: What what I'm with.
Tim Sackton: You have not been very inspired today, you guys.
Mike Sackton: It's.
Tim Sackton: I chose.
Mike Sackton: Viciously bad roles.
Tim Sackton: So Dawa spends a little while scouting around.
Tim Sackton: there, there aren't, I mean, there's not obvious places where one might
Tim Sackton: hide a secret door right like it's
Tim Sackton: the temple is very open. The whole space is wide and broad, and just airy and light. There's, you know, columns and and sort of
Tim Sackton: filigree and stuff. It's not very.
Tim Sackton: it's not close, it's not. There's not a lot of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright!
Tim Sackton: Nooks, anywhere.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: And then, you know, you look in these chambers, you know, there's these archways that lead to the
Tim Sackton: 8 chapels, one for each of the 8 divines.
Tim Sackton: but it, you know, it doesn't seem like there's anything off with the architecture like there's not like a hidden.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Chamber in between 2 of these arches, or something, you know there's there's windows everywhere. There's light coming in.
Tim Sackton: There are stairs up in the back
Tim Sackton: go up to, presumably the dome.
Tim Sackton: but other than like, you know, looking at the floor or something, it's not obvious where you might
Tim Sackton: search.
Tim Sackton: Seeker spends a while poking at the at the alter.
Tim Sackton: and it definitely seems like there is some. I mean. This seems magical, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, when you put your hand on it, you feel the sort of warmth blowing.
Tim Sackton: The the sort of glow that's seeping through the you actually as seeker like looks at the stonework, you can see that the
Tim Sackton: but the glow that you know you. There's this feeling of warmth. There's this glow that's coming from the floor, and it seems to be coming from the altar itself right like you can. That's where it feels the strongest.
Tim Sackton: That's where it feels the sort of most most powerful. There's this is.
Eric Rosenbaum: This. There's clearly some divine magic here.
Tim Sackton: Welby and Kenzo spend some time sort of crisscrossing the chamber, starting around the outside and and looking again. In all of these.
Tim Sackton: You know these side chapels. It takes 10 or 15 min to do this.
Tim Sackton: there's there's a i mean, there's a lot of silver here like there's a lot of silver work and fine marble, and
Tim Sackton: you know these large sort of candle
Tim Sackton: holders kindle sticks, candelabra on each of the altars. There's a lot of statuary work, you know.
Tim Sackton: If one wanted to loot the holy Temple of the 8 Divines, one could make off with quite a lot of treasure.
Tim Sackton: But at least passing through all the side chambers. You don't. There's nothing. There's no signs of occupation. There is a faint layer of dust. The further you get from the
Tim Sackton: central chamber that gets sort of thicker as you get to the side chambers.
Tim Sackton: it almost seems as if there's something in the altar itself. That is
Tim Sackton: some magic in the altar that's keeping the temple clean.
Tim Sackton: as you sort of. Then cross again and circle back to the altar. For a
Tim Sackton: for a second, as you walk past the altar.
Tim Sackton: You see, like this weird flash of a vision seemingly coming from Kenzo's staff.
Tim Sackton: You see Rai and Dimitar
Tim Sackton: flashing back the statue of Rai standing in front of the altar, Amatar
Tim Sackton: flying over him, rye made entirely of jade, like a statue?
Tim Sackton: But somehow speaking, his voice echoing and sounding somewhat gravelly to Dimitar, and for a second
Tim Sackton: you can all hear this. He seems to be telling Dimitar
Tim Sackton: the preparations must be made in secret.
Tim Sackton: I know not the power of Apollyon when I'm not here to read your mind, and force answers from you
Tim Sackton: a temple should offer some protection.
Tim Sackton: dare not take the dagger outside these walls where Apollyon's minions loom.
Tim Sackton: and here, at least, the power of the human gods is the strongest.
Tim Sackton: goes on for a bit, saying, You know.
Tim Sackton: stay safe. I shall be back in a week.
Tim Sackton: If I don't return. Things may get much more dangerous. You have to flee. Go find your people to the east.
Tim Sackton: or flee to the Feywild, and there's a small plain chest sitting right in front of the altar, lined with lead, in which Apollyon's dagger sits.
Tim Sackton: The chest does not seem to be here anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum: The lead lining would prevent the stone scents from seeing it right, or is that not true?
Tim Sackton: No prevent detect, magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: But not stone sets.
Kate Sackton: Prevent locate objects.
Tim Sackton: It would prevent locate object. It wouldn't prevent stone zones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Couldn't we.
schwartz: Good luck.
schwartz: The chest, though right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: You could try stone cents on lead.
Tim Sackton: I might just light up Welby's necklace.
Mike Sackton: Oh, cause I can do it 2 more times today, right?
Tim Sackton: You can do it more times.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I do that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Couldn't hurt right.
Kate Sackton: Well, but we just decided that it would have shown up the Adamantium if it was.
Kate Sackton: At that.
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Tim Sackton: Mike? Where does deal with even the information? Where does deal with want to look with ghostly gaze.
Mike Sackton: Well, how much of the so the altar floor.
Mike Sackton: mostly the area around the altar, and then as much of the floor as I can cover.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then the then the walls, but.
Tim Sackton: You won't. You won't be able, I mean you, if you, if you walk carefully, like covering a 400 foot diameter circle in a minute with any kind of ability to investigate. It is going to be difficult.
Mike Sackton: The intention here is mostly just to
Mike Sackton: glance around to try and see. I'm not. The goal is not to investigate anything carefully. It's I mean ghostly gaze. It'll be very like I'm just looking if I see something that isn't just, I mean, actually, how does ghostly gaze work? If it's dirt, if it's stone or dirt all 30 feet through. Presumably you just see darkness.
Tim Sackton: Just see darkness, you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So I'm looking around to see if I see anything. I'm not like carefully peering through everything. I'm just looking for space.
Tim Sackton: But directly beneath this floor, very obviously.
Mike Sackton: Okay, any obvious ways to get any places where it like. How far down is it.
Tim Sackton: About? I don't know. 15 feet.
Mike Sackton: Is there anywhere where the I'll look around, for the ceiling comes closer.
Tim Sackton: Is it all.
Mike Sackton: Or is it? Is it like when you say there's a crypt? Is it like an open space? The same.
Tim Sackton: Big open room, but not.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So like, like a cathedral clip, that's like, actually basically the same size as the floor.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there is.
Tim Sackton: So this is sorry. This is why I was asking about what you want, because if you spend, if you crisscross, you can sort of map it. But you're not gonna.
Mike Sackton: If so, start near them, starting at the altar. Okay, looking through the altar and then looking immediately around to the floor. Yeah. So.
Tim Sackton: Below the altar is like the center of this big room.
Mike Sackton: Seeing the crypt. I will then, as much as I can just go like crisscrossing diagonals or something to try and just.
Tim Sackton: Today.
Mike Sackton: Get a sense of the space.
Tim Sackton: So the crypt is this. The central room that you're looking at is not as big as the
Tim Sackton: as the as the floor of the temple. You seem to be looking down into this grand vault
Tim Sackton: the this, like central chamber, there's like a passageway that leads
Tim Sackton: so if the entry that leads towards the entrance to the Temple.
Tim Sackton: That's like a passageway that you're looking at.
Tim Sackton: and it seems to lead into another large room. That would be sort of directly under the
Tim Sackton: the sort of entry hallway that you stepped into.
Tim Sackton: But if you want to get all the way around, you don't have a lot of time to like carefully map it.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't want to carefully map it. I just want to get a sense.
Tim Sackton: There also is a passage way that seems to be leading
Tim Sackton: so from this central chamber, there's
Tim Sackton: 8 sort of smaller crypts that lead out to presumably be underneath each one of these 8
Tim Sackton: chapels to each of the 8 divines. And then it seems like the entryway must be
Tim Sackton: in the direction of the sort of back
Tim Sackton: of the temple. As you begin to walk in that direction, make a wisdom saving, throw.
Mike Sackton: 7.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It looked like it ended on a 20. It's actually the digitally it looked. It looked like the 20 was at the top. But the
Mike Sackton: the computer. There's a glitch between the graphics and the number it claimed.
Tim Sackton: Begin to
Tim Sackton: walk towards the far back end, looking down. And just kind of there's nothing there nothing to look at, just sort of turn away.
Tim Sackton: Never really come to a place where there's stairs up, or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I'll report back.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could, of course, just dimension door down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Riswin, could we? Cut our way down? I mean shame to mar this beautiful ancient floor, but or.
Kate Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't. I can't cut it. I don't think.
schwartz: Well, well, be the map maker will say, but that doesn't make any sense. There's got to be a way. I mean, there wouldn't be a grip there if it wasn't meant to be used right. We must have missed it.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should look.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we'll be anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we will look. Is there anything about the altar itself that I was looking at that could open up.
Tim Sackton: It's solid, I mean. Deal with looked through it with ghostly gaze. It's solid stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: There's no mechanism, there's no, there's no mechanical mechanism that seeker found on the altar.
Kate Sackton: All right. Could I say that I've spent my time like preparing to ritual past my fine?
Kate Sackton: I think that I should have
Kate Sackton: what I think everybody can chime in, but I think that I should ask
Kate Sackton: is the object that was protected here by rye still in this building, or.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Or I could ask, is it in the crypt below this building specifically going down there? If it's not there.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Which spell which spell are you casting.
Kate Sackton: I'm catching just a.
Mike Sackton: Cool.
Kate Sackton: Level ritual divination.
Kate Sackton: I don't have the fancy one prepared.
Tim Sackton: So divination is
Tim Sackton: divination. Lets you ask.
Tim Sackton: It's not a yes or no question. It's where is it?
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: I didn't think it had.
Tim Sackton: About a specific goal.
Kate Sackton: Event or activity to occur within the next 7 days.
Tim Sackton: So it's like, if we do this, will that happen right?
Tim Sackton: Is this a good.
Kate Sackton: So like.
Kate Sackton: If we search the crypt, will we find.
Mike Sackton: And the yeah.
Tim Sackton: So sorry? What was the question?
Kate Sackton: If we search below in the
Kate Sackton: architectural space below this temporal call of the crypt, whatever they'll know what I mean.
Kate Sackton: Will we find the chest holding what rye garden
Kate Sackton: I mean. I don't have to be cagey. They're my gods! They're on my side while we find Apollyon's phylactery.
Tim Sackton: The response you get is
Tim Sackton: I don't know why it says a cryptic rhyme, expecting me to invent a cryptic rhyme.
Kate Sackton: You don't have to have Prime.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: The response,
Tim Sackton: arcane powers block our sight, but what you seek was placed below you.
Kate Sackton: So it was placed below us. Barzell can't tell if it's still there, because there's so much magic guarding it.
Kate Sackton: but it is below us is promising.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: We're going to find the empty leadline chest, aren't we?
Mike Sackton: No? Well, maybe I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: The entry be outside the building.
Tim Sackton: So that probably is dubious of Dawa's inability to find it as I was poking around right.
Tim Sackton: What is anybody else doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker will poke around the periphery of the main hall.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like the. So there's the 10th side.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's like that. The 10th side is where the stairs that go up into the dome are.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I'll go up into the stairs, up into the dome.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I I can! Earth glide
Kate Sackton: again because of the short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can actually.
Tim Sackton: You can also also remember that one of the other new things from your belt is pass. Wall.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I was reading that. I don't understand it.
Tim Sackton: Open a passage.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Through a wall.
Tim Sackton: Where you want in a floor ceiling, and the passage can be up to 5 feet wide, 8 feet tall and 20 feet deep.
Kate Sackton: So just what do we just make a pass wall.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, why are we messing about? Just.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's I was trying to ask that before, rizmin. Can you just make a whole? And it turns out.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I can make an opening up to 5 feet wide, 8 feet tall and 20 feet deep.
Kate Sackton: with creating no instability in the structure surrounding it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So just have. Tell us, point to where to put it, and we can hop down.
schwartz: Do you have to use your holy symbol for that.
Kate Sackton: Lasts an hour.
Kate Sackton: It's part of.
schwartz: Will be.
Kate Sackton: Hurdle of the mountain.
Kate Sackton: Sorry! What about my holy symbol?
schwartz: Do you have to use a holy, SIM? Holy symbol? It's a it's sort of a joke.
Mike Sackton: Holy symbol. Ha!
Mike Sackton: I like it. I like it.
Kate Sackton: Ha, ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Kate Sackton: Okay. 3rd time's the church.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, so we'll be. We'll be.
Tim Sackton: Don't eat but Rickman's like, what are you guys doing? But
Tim Sackton: go ahead and roll wisdom saving throws, anyway.
Tim Sackton: seeker and wellbeing, or somebody roll a d. 20 for sure, it says, plus 8.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wisdom saving throw.
Tim Sackton: So seeker also kind of goes around and comes to the sort of back wall and just sort of turns away like the altar is a lot more interesting.
Tim Sackton: Welby, you put your foot through the floor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I rolled a 19 for Welby.
Tim Sackton: I know.
Mike Sackton: Oh, nice! That's see the illusion.
Tim Sackton: He he defeats. Rise!
Tim Sackton: Aura of this is boringness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Tim Sackton: And you're walking towards the back. You just put your foot through the floor, and there's like steps
Tim Sackton: below you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing!
Eric Rosenbaum: There they are!
Tim Sackton: But dealt with and seeker. Look at you like. Why, why are you looking over there? There's nothing there.
schwartz: I'll explain it to you.
Tim Sackton: Do you want to go down the steps, or do you want to go through the floor.
Mike Sackton: Beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait!
Mike Sackton: I think we should go to the floor.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meaning, the.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no sorry! Go to the steps save the password.
Tim Sackton: Save password, go through, go down the steps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's see, he's possible.
Mike Sackton: I meant go through the illusionary.
Mike Sackton: not go through the tunneling floor.
Tim Sackton: So as you all as you follow Welby, like.
Tim Sackton: despite your protestations that the back there's nothing there I was like, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And you all just follow him, and as you do, as Kenzo reaches the back of the temple, his staff flares again, and you see another
Tim Sackton: faint vision for a moment a sort of glowing.
Tim Sackton: greenish spirit version of rye, a cord, a green cord stretching back towards the statue in the middle of the floor. Working magic into the stones, weaving threads of magical energy, chanting an elvish
Tim Sackton: words about hiding and concealment.
Tim Sackton: A chest floating in the air behind him
Tim Sackton: as he passes through the floor.
Tim Sackton: and you say
Tim Sackton: no worries.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're on the right track. Approximately.
Tim Sackton: As he stepped to the floor.
Tim Sackton: You come to stairs that lead down
Tim Sackton: into a short passageway that becomes wider and wider as it goes, and opens into this
Tim Sackton: this large central chamber that Delwyth saw by glancing through the floor.
Tim Sackton: In the central chamber.
Tim Sackton: You can see, this is
Tim Sackton: You know, this is a this is a crypt, but it's also, you know, it's a
Tim Sackton: It's decorated with like statues. It's a memorial right? It's like there's, you know, it's what you might find in a cathedral crypt, or something like that. There's monuments, and there's statues to the dead of Drankor.
Tim Sackton: all in very good shape, many of which have, like gold or silver, or bronze, or other kind of metal sort of death, masks over the the statue
Tim Sackton: or sometimes just death masks mounted on the wall, perhaps in front of a of a
Tim Sackton: when you call the like little holes in a crypt where you put people's ashes. There must be a I think there's a word for that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their niches. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, in those niches like. And this, so this bit, this area is fairly open, and there's a lot of sort of statuary. But then you can see now that you're underneath here that the passageways that lead
Tim Sackton: these sort of the big open arch passageways that lead there's 9
Tim Sackton: 8 that lead to the
Tim Sackton: to the secondary chambers underneath the temples of each of the 8 divines, and the 9th that leads sort of back towards the entryway towards this grand vault. All of these passageways are lined with niches, and there's like, you know.
Tim Sackton: it's lots of decoration along these walls, right? There's like death mask. But also, you know, there's carved marble roses, and there's you know, painted decorations on the walls. There's.
Tim Sackton: you know, some some like jewelry, or you know.
Tim Sackton: silver or gold, or sort of.
Tim Sackton: but mostly what seems like mementos, right like.
Tim Sackton: you know, memorials of the people who are who are interred there.
Tim Sackton: Some just plain carved names, right like niches, with a name carved on it, mostly in in Drankorian, some
Tim Sackton: in other languages. All human. There's no sign of any non-humans here it would be.
Tim Sackton: This is clearly, you know, connected to the human quads.
Tim Sackton: and you're standing in the this central chamber.
Tim Sackton: Where do you want to go?
Eric Rosenbaum: You have a mid-journey of this.
Tim Sackton: I don't have a mid journey of the crypt.
Tim Sackton: I didn't have time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, I love the ones that you've done, though, Tim. These are. It's very cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: just go over and investigate one of the statues.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I mean.
Tim Sackton: so just sort of looking, picking at random. Right? You you walk up to a statue. Seems to be
Tim Sackton: probably you know. Well, it's hard to tell if the bigger statues are people who are more prominent or more holy, or more
Tim Sackton: favored by the gods, or wealthier, or you don't. Don't have a good sense of like what the hierarchy is, but there's clearly some like larger statues and some sort of smaller memorials on these niches, and things like that
Tim Sackton: sort of rant wander over to one at random. That is a
Tim Sackton: statue of a of a older woman.
Tim Sackton: The who's depicted sitting.
Tim Sackton: or I guess I guess, standing, but like holding a book and a and a quill sort of in a
Tim Sackton: looking like a scribe, or maybe a wizard.
Tim Sackton: There's a silver death mask that's been placed over her face, which is like this stone doesn't seem to be carved. But there's this mask that's that's sort of mounted over the face. I mean, it's I mean, it's pretty well done. It's it's
Tim Sackton: carved of marble, and barely find there's no obvious like.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what you're looking for. Specifically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is, is this a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a thing like marble statues with metal death masks on them?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that like unusual.
Tim Sackton: It's not something you're familiar with, but oh, well, now you're proficient in religion. Go ahead and roll a religion, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 13.
Tim Sackton: I I mean, it's not quite what you'd expect.
Tim Sackton: But then, again, it's sort of a lot of the Drankorian religious traditions and funerary traditions may have been lost time. And so I mean, this isn't. This isn't exactly the same as like the Chardonian, or traditions like that. But your your like Vibe is this, I mean, this doesn't seem
Tim Sackton: this seems like ancient and like just a little bit different, because it's so old, not like weird.
Tim Sackton: If that makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so how old is this stuff?
Tim Sackton: I mean, this is like, possibly a lot of it's like a thousand years old.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1,000 years.
Tim Sackton: I mean this all must sorry. Where did you say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said, when did a Polyon rule again?
Tim Sackton: So Apollyon ruled at the very end of Drankor, which was like 700 700 years ago.
Tim Sackton: roughly, almost exactly like 690 years ago was when Drankor fell.
Tim Sackton: So if this was like, during the sort of mid mid period, like the golden age of drink ore that would have been
Tim Sackton: a thousand years ago. Drankor was founded like year one is when Drankor was founded so 1749 years ago.
Tim Sackton: So it could be, it could be older. It could be. It could be as old as you know, 1,500 years old.
Tim Sackton: You don't really know the history of when these things were built.
Tim Sackton: So where do you wanna go from here?
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems likely there are additional levels down.
Mike Sackton: Ken dealt with just I'd have to
Mike Sackton: a short rest to look. Unfortunately.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could stone sense to ask again if there's stonework below where we are now, or tunnel work.
Kate Sackton: Wait. We feel like we've explored every crevice and cranny of every place in this entire level already, and it's not here and nothing for lower.
Tim Sackton: Sorry haven't explored anywhere in this level yet.
Kate Sackton: Well, I was a little confused, sorry child, distracting me.
Tim Sackton: There's, I mean, you're in this central
Tim Sackton: area. And there's 9 passageways that lead 9 niche lined tunnels that lead off from the central area 8 that lead to the
Tim Sackton: 8
Tim Sackton: like under chapels of each of the of the divines, and one that seems to lead towards this like grand vault that
Tim Sackton: dealt with sod near the door. And right now you're all just sort of standing in this central chamber, filled with
Tim Sackton: statuary and memorials, trying to decide which of these 9 quarters to go down, or none, I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we just like systematically explore all of them.
Mike Sackton: I think so.
Mike Sackton: Let's I mean, let's so. I don't know. We know that. Let's start with. Can we? Can we tell which quarters for which God.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So let's start with the symbol.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The guy of magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
Tim Sackton: You you. So the the
Tim Sackton: passages that lead to these under chapels? There's not a lot of. So you follow this passage down, and it's just it's like a wide quarter that's lined with these niches, and it's a pretty tall quarter. It's like
Tim Sackton: probably 10 feet. The ceilings are like 10 or 12 feet high, so you know.
Tim Sackton: and there's, you know.
Tim Sackton: decorations on the floors. There's probably more people interred underneath the floors. But there's no, no, like statuary until you get to the like. The under chapel itself, which is, you know, a hundred feet diameter. It's like another big open area. It's probably about the same size as the floor
Tim Sackton: as the floor area of the chapels above, and it has a very similar vibe to the central chamber, except that there's a small sort of alcove carved out that has a statue of the Sybil in it, and has a small altar and
Tim Sackton: you know a few
Tim Sackton: benches like places where people could sit in front of the of the altar itself, and like
Tim Sackton: pray, or like commune with their loved ones, who are interred here, or just like, have some little private ceremony?
Tim Sackton: No, no signs of stone chests lined with lead. Nothing else obvious.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what's if you're looking for anything specific.
Mike Sackton: We're looking for, I mean, I.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't see any stuff.
Mike Sackton: I? No, I think we're looking for like, okay, where would it?
Mike Sackton: I think we're looking for? Oh, I was gonna detect magic. 1st of all.
Mike Sackton: So the 1st thing I'm looking for is anything that's magical.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The altar is faintly magical, radiating abduration, magic.
Mike Sackton: The altar of the Sibyl, or, okay.
Mike Sackton: So that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: Are all of the altars magical.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Well, the only one you can see right now is the Sybil.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean, okay. Also, we'll like, there's these 9 passages.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Just go to the next. I'll just.
Mike Sackton: Next one.
Tim Sackton: The next, the the traveler. The you know, the Warlord. All of the of these under chapels have a very similar layout, and all of the altars are magical
Tim Sackton: as you proceed through the the
Tim Sackton: the 4 gods on the sort of the right side the Sybil, the Night Queen. The.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I have A single goggle based identify. I could use probably. Still, today.
Mike Sackton: Now identify.
Tim Sackton: The Civil, the Warlord, and the and the
Tim Sackton: this side, and they're all all of the altars are magical, and the layout of all of these under chapels is very similar with these corridors filled with
Tim Sackton: burial niches, with carvings and death masks and writing and things like that. And then the under chapel. That's about a hundred foot diameter. With this alcove niche with a magical altar
Tim Sackton: you want to use. Identify.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure I mean the what do we think these magical altars are magical, for? It's for like communing with.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: The god. That's what you do with an altar. I don't think this will hold a clue to the.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, factory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So sorry. Are you doing it or not?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we don't have anything else to investigate. So yeah, I'll try it.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So these altars are part of it. Seems like they're all part of a
Tim Sackton: of a network of
Tim Sackton: altars that are generating a hollow spell which wards the area. Seemingly this entire temple
Tim Sackton: fiends, elementals, undead and aberrations, cannot willingly enter the temple
Tim Sackton: and any creature that is charmed or frightened from such a possessed, charmed, or frightened by such a creature, ceases to have those conditions while in the area
Tim Sackton: and creatures, humanoids. And
Tim Sackton: you know, basically, anybody good cannot be frightened while in the area.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's the altars themselves, driving the entire temple protection.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Apollyon is in one of those categories because he is undead.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Tim Sackton: Actually, it's probably not fear it would be.
Tim Sackton: It's various effects depending on each altar. But the the main effect is, these things can't enter undead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Beans, aberrations cannot enter.
Kate Sackton: The constructs the other Us's apparitions. We're just people.
Tim Sackton: They were just people they could have entered.
Tim Sackton: They probably did, although they probably wouldn't have been very comfortable for them.
Tim Sackton: Given their connection to a Polyon, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good morning!
Tim Sackton: This wouldn't have prevented them. The your double Bizarro doppelgangers from searching the temple.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate Sackton: So they searched the temple for sure. We don't know if they even noticed the underground. And
Kate Sackton: right, you know. Doppel Welby was astute, and noticed the same thing.
Mike Sackton: But I assume that they made a somewhat successful search. I think what I think what we're looking for is something that a doppel
Mike Sackton: version would not be able to easily penetrate.
Mike Sackton: So far. I don't think we found it. I mean, I think we're looking for somewhere else, like there's gotta be, I mean, that was looking around for exits right like, is there something down something
Mike Sackton: can we like? How extent didn't Seeker say there was an extensive underground.
Tim Sackton: Well, this is pretty extensive. You're talking about.
Mike Sackton: True.
Tim Sackton: You know, hundreds and hundreds of feet of excavated earth.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: So you've explored the the one side, or of the
Tim Sackton: of the gods, the Wanderer, the Sibyl, the
Tim Sackton: Warlord, and the Night Queen. There's still the
Tim Sackton: the like grand vault, and then the mother, father, wildling and wordling.
Kate Sackton: So we thoroughly explore those and see if there's an obvious stone chest that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: So the 4, the 4 other deities are very similar, and again, like magic altars. The the vibe is price. Quite similar.
Tim Sackton: in as you begin to enter the passageway that leads to the grand vault.
Tim Sackton: You see another.
Tim Sackton: The staff flashes again, and you see another echo of rye
Tim Sackton: chest floating next to him, the same spiritual version of Rai.
Tim Sackton: And he's he's kneeling on the floor.
Tim Sackton: Clearly putting a spell on the floor.
Tim Sackton: and the vision sort of cracks and shifts halfway through. And you see superimposed on this.
Tim Sackton: you can see a
Tim Sackton: There's like, and an elven angel basically like a a
Tim Sackton: clearly an elf, but also clearly like divine celestial, somehow mounted on a huge stag
Tim Sackton: with like horns that are made of this glowing magical energy. And the
Tim Sackton: the elf who's mounted on this has a this spear made of wood, but also magic, and is charging
Tim Sackton: on the stag at dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: who then flashes up a shield of magic, but the spear penetrates straight through it, as the stag calls a magical shower of stars to rain down on.
Tim Sackton: Let's see seeker who burns with radiant light as the stars
Tim Sackton: sort of flash against Bizarro seekers skin, and then the vision fades.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or what what was that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Vision of when our Bizarro selves tried to investigate in here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what? What were we fighting.
Kate Sackton: The protective spirit.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think so.
Mike Sackton: Right. Whatever Rye summoned.
Eric Rosenbaum: But just to to my point again, what was that.
Tim Sackton: The thing anything like those creatures before, but they seem to be beings of the
Tim Sackton: realm of the Elven firstborn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, look! Look!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sort of thing that an elf would say they were descended from.
Tim Sackton: Well, not the gods themselves, but like angels or elven angels.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: So you.
Kate Sackton: So that vision was set in this room.
Tim Sackton: I was in the passageway that leads to the grand vault.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hello!
Kate Sackton: Let's go to the passageway that leads to the grand vault.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you keep walking into the grand vault
Tim Sackton: you see again. Now, as you enter the grand vault, the chest bloating
Tim Sackton: next to rye the spirit rye, and again the chest vanishes. Ride is not.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Vanishes into thin air and rise, seems to be working more magic.
Tim Sackton: And then.
Tim Sackton: although on what is not clear, because you can't see the chest, and then floats up through the ceiling into the temple above.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rye flows up through the.
Tim Sackton: 5 girls out, no chest following him.
Kate Sackton: Can we read Rye's lips when he's like? And now I move the chest to this specific location.
Eric Rosenbaum: At GPS. Coordinate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
Tim Sackton: Cannot read his lips, but there is actually a faint echo of the words.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On Tarvanos, which we translate.
Mike Sackton: Do you need anything?
Tim Sackton: It's an elvish place. Name. It means the value of the hidden forest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh! He told us where he that's where the dagger is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where is that place?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's in all of our hearts for.
Kate Sackton: Service.
Tim Sackton: Well, he's never heard of it.
Tim Sackton: That's where I ride, Matt Demitar obviously.
Eric Rosenbaum: Arvanos.
Kate Sackton: You want to remind me who Dimitar is.
Tim Sackton: Democrats.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: He or is. He was the
Tim Sackton: familiar of Rye in high school, you know the like wisecracking DM, insert to make fun of the players.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tiny purple dragon, net.
Tim Sackton: Tiny purple dragon, but he came back I mean he never died her cannon, and now is the
Tim Sackton: king of the circular island. After the
Tim Sackton: evil dragon was killed in the the adventure we did in Colorado.
Tim Sackton: Dimitar had been hiding out on that island where there's a bunch of other dragon hats like little dragons who were like his. You know his people.
Tim Sackton: and.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we installed him as ruler. Yes.
Tim Sackton: You well, according to him he installed himself, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well naturally.
Tim Sackton: But you did bring him his throne. So that was.
Eric Rosenbaum: We literally brought him throughout December.
Mike Sackton: Have a magic eye in it, so you can check on him whenever you want.
Mike Sackton: Talk to him.
Tim Sackton: Once a day.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just ask him what Rye did with the damn chest?
Tim Sackton: Remember the 1st vision. Oh, he didn't! That scimitar.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Tell you what.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we can ask him, maybe, if he has an idea where where I would have put it.
Tim Sackton: You could definitely.
Kate Sackton: You could ask him about Tarvalos.
Mike Sackton: Or we could ask the Alvin lady about Tarvalos, although, is that misusing the spirit of the thing?
Tim Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: Yes, that is misusing this group, asking her what non-tarvanos is. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Cause. You would have no idea what that was when you.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But Democrat.
Tim Sackton: Dimitar definitely might.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's talk to Dimitar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: You take out the gem
Tim Sackton: from the put down the portable hole, I guess. Climb down, dig around, find your bag of gemstones.
Tim Sackton: Lift it up, hold it open and see.
Tim Sackton: I think it's I think it says like the vision is projected on the
Tim Sackton: the back of the chest, or something like that, so you can all see it's like, you know, noon, and you're looking out.
Tim Sackton: What seems to be something of a feast.
Tim Sackton: Dimitar's got a whole like is the throne is set up
Tim Sackton: like along the coast, like in one of these, in the ruined town, not where the the Black Dragon's lair was. Somehow they figured out how to move it with, you know, several 100 dragonettes, and there's a long table
Tim Sackton: that's set, and there's like fish, and like all sorts of of stuff piled onto the table.
Tim Sackton: And Demitar is in the middle of
Tim Sackton: like raising a glass to a toast to the new
Tim Sackton: and improved rulers of the circular island.
Tim Sackton: Drink to yourselves, friends, and then he's like, Oh, wait! He turns and stares at the gem? Who's there?
Tim Sackton: Anybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dimitar.
Tim Sackton: Oh, not, knock, knock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The guitar.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yes, oh, yes, Kansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's us. Yeah, it's Kenzo. It's Kenzo, and it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know your your your friends and companions. Hey? So we're in drankor and we're looking.
Tim Sackton: Like a bad idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, yeah, we've had better ideas. So we're in drink corps. We're looking for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Apollyons phylactery. It's this adamantium dagger. I think you may or may not be aware of that. And anyways, we're inside the Temple place now, and we keep seeing visions of Rai. You're in some of these visions as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And anyways, there's a we know that rye had the phylactery last, you know, like the daggers flying through there, rye caught it, and then, you know, was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holding on to it for safekeeping for some period of time, and then he did something with it. He cast some kind of spell or something. The the phylactery was inside a chest, and then the chest vanished.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what was the word? Again?
Tim Sackton: Non tarvanos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Non tarvanas. Yeah, does that does that word bring anything to you?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, non, Tarvanos, that's that's where that's the place. That's where Ryan I met like up in the
Tim Sackton: North. I don't know if it's still there or not destroyed in the war or.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Tim Sackton: When Ryan, before he was a powerful mage.
Tim Sackton: You know we traveled.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what. I don't really remember why we actually went there in the 1st place.
Tim Sackton: or why he went in the 1st place, maybe to learn stuff. I guess he was trying to learn about his ancestry or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Okay? So any idea where the the chess plant and what that has to do with where you guys met.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm sure he didn't bring the chest there. He told me a lot of times like it would be too dangerous to take it out of the temple, because there's hundreds, maybe thousands, of plague echoes and undead floating around the city.
Tim Sackton: And well, they don't usually all bunch up into a giant army the minute they sense that stupid dagger.
Tim Sackton: That would be bad news.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you think the dagger's still in the temple.
Tim Sackton: If Apollyon doesn't have it, it's got to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good to know
Tim Sackton: But not why would right?
Tim Sackton: How did you hear? Non tarvanas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we hear that again, guys? There's the echo.
Mike Sackton: Rye said it when he was casting some spell right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, yeah, right? Yeah, right. Rice said it when he was casting a spell of some kind, and then the the chest disappeared.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he was always doing like super magic. He had all sorts of spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, why say that word.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe that's where he was going.
Tim Sackton: No, he was going to. Isn't monks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Maybe it's a key or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One.
Mike Sackton: Are we by the altar.
Tim Sackton: No, you're in the grand you're in the entryway to the Grand Crept. There's no altar in this.
Mike Sackton: There's nothing in the grand crypt. Is there anything magic in the grand crypt.
Tim Sackton: Nope!
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: Is there like? What does it look like?
Tim Sackton: It's it's similar to the
Tim Sackton: to the sort of central room that you came through, except not there's not a lot of statuary here this seems is grand crypt in size. It's a big domed chamber, with like
Tim Sackton: layers upon layers of niches, but this seemed seemed to be. It's not exactly the place where the people who were sort of less important were. But this is, you know, there's obviously a lot more interred by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's cool.
Tim Sackton: Them into this space, and less room for memorials and
Tim Sackton: but but that also makes the room a little bit more open, because there's not a bunch of statues and things.
Mike Sackton: But nothing's magical.
Tim Sackton: Nothing's magical.
Mike Sackton: All right. I'm gonna just stand in the middle. Where do we see Rai with with the vision from the staff? Where was Rai standing when he said, Non turvanos.
Tim Sackton: Sort of in the middle of the room.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go stand in the middle of the room and say, non terravadas and elvish.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Tim Sackton: Nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I push, dealt with aside, and stand in the middle of the room and say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Slightly, more loudly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Laughing, holding the staff with rise, fist in it in the air. And I say the magic words.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what happens to him?
Tim Sackton: The dagger happens a little bit more loudly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dagger doesn't fall from the sky. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: How often can you use that? Detect portals? Thing.
Tim Sackton: Once a day.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? We're still talking to Dimitar. What else do I ask Dimitar. So Dimitar. Wait! Where? Where was it? And then, if Rai made it disappear? Where would he make it disappear to if it's still inside the temple.
Tim Sackton: Where did he make the dagger disappear to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I don't know. He was always fiddling around with magic. There's all kinds of wizardly tricks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you think it's still here.
Tim Sackton: Visible, make things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Invisible.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Send them to another plane. Make them. I don't know. Don't you have some little pouch that cloth that opens up into a hole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would it? Would.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if the dagger's in a portable hole.
Mike Sackton: In a lead lined locket around the neck of one of these statues.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can do any of us see invisible that that feels like a thing worth doing.
Mike Sackton: See invisible, sure! Last for an hour.
Tim Sackton: Don't see anything in particular, at least not immediately.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should check upstairs in the main room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dimitar. You think it's here? You think you think it has not left the premises.
Tim Sackton: I really don't think it's left the premises.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Ryan could change his mind sometime, but he told must have told me like
Tim Sackton: 500 times. Do not take that dagger out of here. Dimity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: maybe a thousand times.
Mike Sackton: Okay must have been to see if he was right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And wait. Did you ever take it out of there.
Tim Sackton: No cause. He was pretty convincing when he wanted to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Okay.
Tim Sackton: I thought about it, but I thought, Well, do I really want to die?
Tim Sackton: What if, like a thousand undead, do descend on me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, and where. But where was it when you were there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, usually kept it on the altar. It seemed like the safest place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Big altars like the center of gods, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you ever go down to the basement into the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I once gathered up all of the necklaces and stuff, and then Rye told me to put them back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was there another level below that, or was there just that one crypt.
Tim Sackton: No, there's just the one crypt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What was the coolest part of that script?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where would rye hang out down there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, right, I mean he didn't go down there that much, you know. It's hard for him to move right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Being a statue.
Tim Sackton: You know he was a statue made of jade, right so he couldn't walk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but still.
Mike Sackton: Which is awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can't talk, but he could talk.
Mike Sackton: And I've seen statues walk so I mean, you know.
Tim Sackton: Well, I guess he was not that kind of statue. He wasn't maybe skilled enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let me ask you this, Demitar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But hold up! Hold up, though! Did you ever go down there.
Tim Sackton: He would he'd do this astral projection thing. Sometimes he turned into this like spirit, but I think it took a lot of energy, because he always like.
Tim Sackton: had to rest for a long time afterward. So he didn't go down there that much. No, he did. He did say that he had put a ward on it, so nobody could go explore.
Tim Sackton: because he wanted to make a safe place if he ever had to leave.
Tim Sackton: Where was this safe place correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The whole, so the whole clip was simply.
Tim Sackton: There was like a ward. He said that if anybody tried to find it they'd just be confused and think there was nothing there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think we solved that one.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you're pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, you know that. I mean, if okay, so. But you said that you kept he kept it at the altar, because that's where, like the most God, energy was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is there like.
Tim Sackton: Most of the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there like a second most God, energy place inside this temple.
Tim Sackton: I don't think he trusted the God energy to hide it kept weaving these spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're really good to tech magic or spell magic.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, there's no ma. I'm detecting magic. There's no magic down here right.
Kate Sackton: And I can't dispel magic. If I don't have a magic to point, dispel magic at, I mean, I guess I could try just short of shouting, dispel magic out in space, and see if
Kate Sackton: if I counter something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could all try it.
Kate Sackton: Like. That's how it works right? Like I need to be intentionally dispelling something that I know is magic. I can't just like, say, stop being magic room.
Tim Sackton: You have to.
Kate Sackton: Got it.
Tim Sackton: You don't have to target something, you can see, but you have to choose a creature object or magical effect.
Tim Sackton: or.
Mike Sackton: Can you just say the magical effect that's hiding the do you have to know that the magical effect exists to target it?
Mike Sackton: You have to know. The magical effect exists bye.
Kate Sackton: So like illusion or interplanar hidey hole, so.
Mike Sackton: That was just gonna sort of pace back and forth here.
Mike Sackton: like just like trying to walk every inch of the space.
Tim Sackton: Just like.
Mike Sackton: Like feeling for like oh, looking around for something illusion, you know, for something invisible with the invisible
Mike Sackton: feeling like, is there, you know, making sure there isn't a spot where the floor isn't, you know, illusionary, or something like that. Trace his hands along the walls, make sure that there's not a spot where the wall is illusionary. Like. Look at the I mean. Correct me if I'm wrong. The vision we got had rye come into this room with the chest, and leave without it.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So I've got 5th and 4th Level spell slots I could just throw like a I'm dispelling.
Mike Sackton: But I think you have to know that there's a magical effect. That's what Tim just said.
Kate Sackton: What I can convince myself that there has to be an an invisible you know a
Kate Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: So similarly so. The walls are all the niches for the for the.
Tim Sackton: So dealt with. The rest of you are kind of standing around talking damage dealt with is pacing around after about 5 min, Ted, maybe a little more. So you've been in here like maybe half an hour.
Tim Sackton: maybe a little longer than half an hour by now you stub your toe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We satisfy.
Tim Sackton: On empty space.
Mike Sackton: Ow.
Kate Sackton: Good job.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing there you can't see anything with C. Invisible.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'm gonna feel down to the thing. I mean. I'll.
Tim Sackton: There is, you can feel something there. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: What does it feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it a dagger?
Tim Sackton: It's not a dagger might be a chat.
Kate Sackton: Can I dispel illusion? I mean, like I said. I feel like I've got spell slots to burn like.
Mike Sackton: What does it.
Tim Sackton: Can.
Mike Sackton: I mean, what does the surface feel like.
Tim Sackton: Cold Stone.
Mike Sackton: And no magic.
Tim Sackton: No magic.
Tim Sackton: and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does it have a mechanism?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Tim Sackton: Yell along.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's a mechanism to open.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm gonna open it.
Tim Sackton: Locked.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I use the term globally.
Tim Sackton: Interesting? Question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I like that. We we stubbed our toes. You stubbed your toe on on the poly aspiratory.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's amazing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't know if it's really any. Well, we'll see.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the I mean you can't. So you can't see anything.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: oh, okay, that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I mean I can feel where the mechanism is, and point the chime directly.
Tim Sackton: Yep, I'm just. I gotta double check one thing.
Tim Sackton: Oh, oh, okay, so the chest does not open.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does one locker latch on the object? Open.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna feel around. Does it feel like, can I open it now?
Tim Sackton: It still has a lock on it.
Mike Sackton: With the walk is not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As well.
Tim Sackton: You can try and pick the lock disadvantage because it's invisible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, give me just a sec.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What am I using for that.
Tim Sackton: Dad!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Buddy, just text dex plus.
Mike Sackton: Sleight of hand.
Tim Sackton: Slate of hand. But you're proficient in thieves, tools. So just so, dax plus proficiency.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright! So that's the 1st roll it should be plus another 5. There's that's a 1, but I reroll it.
Tim Sackton: 0 ones.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So 20.
Tim Sackton: 20. Okay, interesting the
Tim Sackton: you feel like you do feel like you've maybe unlocked something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does it open?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everyone? I've unlocked something.
Tim Sackton: Just really try and open the chest.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like this is a check for trap situation right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right like this is definitely gonna blow up.
Mike Sackton: I don't think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyone have a bag of flour.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Oh, that's a great idea. I'm gonna sprinkle. I'm gonna sprinkle some cooking ingredients all over it. Flour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Little sugar, a little salt, you know.
Kate Sackton: Bacon, fat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Put it in fat, and then sprinkle black pepper on it.
Tim Sackton: See the shape of the chest emerging in the flower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did we dispel magic and dispel illusions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now you might dispel magic.
Mike Sackton: Right. Can you dispel the thing that's making the chest invisible?
Kate Sackton: If we're willing to actually let me try to cast a spell instead of just saying, won't work. I'm perfectly happy to cast.
Tim Sackton: I can spell.
Kate Sackton: Illusion which I've been saying I wanted to do for the past 10 min.
Kate Sackton: I cast a spell. Illusion cast a spell, magic focused on the illusion on the chest.
Tim Sackton: So make 4 wisdom checks, so roll 40, 20, and add 5 to each one of them.
Kate Sackton: Does it? Does it matter whether I cast it in the 3rd or 4th Level spell, or whatever? Because it's.
Tim Sackton: It it? Tell me which? No, it doesn't matter.
Kate Sackton: All right. I'm casting it as a 3rd level spell, and then I've got to make 4 wisdom checks. Did you say?
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Kate Sackton: Wisdom, say not wisdom, savings, wisdom, saving.
Tim Sackton: It's just wisdom check. So d 20 plus 5.
Kate Sackton: 5 of them
Kate Sackton: 1717, 20, and 15.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: Hold on. Let me.
Kate Sackton: Oh, and the those were were all of those plus 5. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: All should be.
Kate Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Oh, those are just your straight roles.
Kate Sackton: Those are my straight roles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's awesome.
Tim Sackton: Those are very good roles.
Tim Sackton: So the chest appears, the magic keeping it locked is dispelled.
Tim Sackton: the sequester spell that makes it impossible to detect with any magic invisible to detect magic and immune to divination. Magic of all kinds vanishes, and the 2 symbol spells that trigger, when you see the chest are dispelled.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: Okay, let's dispel Patrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: What were those 2 spills?
Tim Sackton: glyphs, and one is symbol.
Tim Sackton: I went through all of the spells and picked all the fun ones for rye to use.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Here's here's symbol, and then here's sequester.
Tim Sackton: and then arcane lock, and then the last one
Tim Sackton: you dispelled was glyphs and wards which can trigger another spell.
Kate Sackton: I was looking through all the spells that I could know, to see if I could name them, to say that I was dispelling them, and I don't know any of them, so he's a mage or something right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Not a clerk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think I'm gonna check for traps anyways, now that it's visible.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and roll.
Kate Sackton: Investigation, what.
Tim Sackton: There are no other symbols or glyphs, or anything that you can see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's ready for you to open.
Mike Sackton: I'll open it with May Chance standing away from it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Rizwan already dispelled the glyph that would teleport you to the Elven divine realm. So
Tim Sackton: you don't have to worry about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: But I watch to go to the Elven Device.
Eric Rosenbaum: They had to say it's name aloud in.
Tim Sackton: You had said its name aloud, you wouldn't have had to dispel all the magic.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you mean it didn't count because we didn't know we were.
Tim Sackton: No, it doesn't. You can't just shout it. You have to know the chest is there for it to work.
Mike Sackton: Oh God!
Tim Sackton: The chest opens, and you see, lying inside the chest a thin, plain dagger
Tim Sackton: made of adamantium.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: There, there it
Eric Rosenbaum: There it is!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and now what.
Mike Sackton: Now we destroy it.
Mike Sackton: Awesome sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2.
Mike Sackton: Do we have a plan on destroying it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we we determined that only
Eric Rosenbaum: one who knows how it was made could have any hope of destroying it.
Mike Sackton: But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have the manual on how it was made.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. But then, how do you? How do you destroy it?
Tim Sackton: So that might require some time for a seeker to decipher a bit more of the book.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems like I should get to work on that, then, doesn't it?
Tim Sackton: Probably take a few hour, I mean with the with actually having the dagger here. It's much easier to kind of work out the details. The the
Tim Sackton: the challenge is not figuring out the the ritual. So it's not, I mean, just reading the figuring out. You got to read the book is good enough, right? Like it's gonna take you seeker. Probably like
Tim Sackton: I don't know
Tim Sackton: an hour or 2, or maybe 3, depending on how well you roll of study that you really need to do
Tim Sackton: with the dagger in front of you and with your goggles, so you can like investigate the dagger, and probably
Tim Sackton: with Kenzo's help as well, for like soul sight to like, you know.
Tim Sackton: be looking at the dagger and trying to see the souls while you're reading so it's probably gonna take.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are all in.
Tim Sackton: Yeah guidance.
Tim Sackton: So so if you're gonna just set to work, I think, go ahead and roll arcana.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's normal or advantage. Normal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a straight role. This is this is really just how long is it? Gonna take you?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then maybe oh.
Kate Sackton: About the worst possible role. It's gonna take a few hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
Tim Sackton: Add guidance. Add a d. 4 and then Kenzo Kong, can you roll up a I'll say insight. Check for Kenzo to like study the souls that are bound up in the dagger, and like try and figure out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So that helps a little. Kenzo's. Kenzo's pretty quick to you know. Kind of
Tim Sackton: able to sort of look you're you can. You can actually like soul sight, the dagger, basically. And you see, there seem to be 7 souls, 7 sacrifices that make up the sort of shell of this dagger that are the that are forming the container in which Apollyon's soul
Tim Sackton: thrives, and you can start to see, like as seeker is sort of reading through the notes.
Tim Sackton: you, you find you find details. You start to find little pieces of of information about these 7 people, 7 names.
Tim Sackton: they're all drankorians. They're all humans that lived in the city.
Kate Sackton: They weren't 7 dwarfs.
Tim Sackton: No should have been and you can. And you
Tim Sackton: actually maybe not all humans. A couple of them there was like mixed species, but all drankorians all lived in the city, all, you know were brought were were
Tim Sackton: brought usually on, trumped up charges of some crime to be punished, and then were taken to the island and sacrificed by Apollyon. And as as you sort of begin to it's like 3, 4 h now that it's that it's taking so anybody who wants to can take a short rest. It's like, probably
Tim Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna sending this baldrick and just make sure that, like, you know, Falco hasn't
Kate Sackton: appeared on the ship and tried to take over the airship, or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let's let me. Sorry, I just need to make a note here. So
Tim Sackton: so while while you guys are all studying this right? Like you know, maybe
Tim Sackton: mid afternoon. What do you want to send to Falco just, or Falderick? Just how's it going.
Kate Sackton: How everything's going great here. How are things going with you?
Tim Sackton: Not good. Some specters came. We had to flee. We'll come back.
Kate Sackton: How far did you have to flee.
Tim Sackton: Well, you can only well, you, I guess.
Kate Sackton: Never mind.
Tim Sackton: the okay. So you get you get these names. You get the sort of sense of the
Tim Sackton: you know of of how this was constructed, this sort of trap, that or this this sort of
Tim Sackton: coon that the that the souls make and
Tim Sackton: what you sort of begin to discover with Kenzo's sense and seeker's arcane knowledge. And reading these notes. The the these souls are the seeds of the destruction of the phylactery. Because if you can,
Tim Sackton: if you can free the souls, especially if you can
Tim Sackton: guide the souls through the land of the dead and to their divine realms to be taken up.
Tim Sackton: The phylactery will unravel and be shattered.
Tim Sackton: And there's actually some notes about this, because Apollyon was concerned about destroying, you know. Could the phylactery even be destroyed?
Tim Sackton: And he seemed to think it was basically indestructible, except there's 1 sort of like hidden.
Tim Sackton: hidden passage that you discover like late in the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: As the sun's getting low in the sky. That describes one
Tim Sackton: one possible weakness of the phylactery.
Tim Sackton: If the
Tim Sackton: If a portal to the land of the dead can be opened
Tim Sackton: And the dagger is brought to the land of the dead, and somebody skilled enough can restore the.
Tim Sackton: you know, give back the souls and
Tim Sackton: essence of themselves something to remember themselves by.
Tim Sackton: Then.
Tim Sackton: Theoretically, Apollyon says, the binding could be undone.
Tim Sackton: But he's not concerned about this, because in order to do this, you would need to 1st
Tim Sackton: find a way to actually open a portal to the Land of the Dead, which, as far as anybody knows, the only way to do that is to die
Tim Sackton: so like Kenzo's, been there on the Bishma initiation right? But to be to travel to the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: Polyion knows of no way to do it other than to die.
Tim Sackton: And then, although theoretically there are ways, you know, that a dying soul could open a passage for many others. Or maybe there's a back way around
Tim Sackton: that your like arcane knowledge could uncover. But any case, this is what Apollyon says. The only way to get to the land of the dead is to die
Tim Sackton: that somebody would have to kill themself, and then bring the dagger with them, and then at the same time
Tim Sackton: know enough about the victims that they can
Tim Sackton: piece together enough of their lives to remind the victims of who they are.
Tim Sackton: which Apollyon says should not be possible, because nobody knows who the victims are but him, although in his arrogance he did record their names in
Tim Sackton: his notebook, and only then could the phylactery be destroyed.
Mike Sackton: So is there information beyond the names I'm trying to understand? Do we have to go research the victims? Or is it sufficient to just kill ourselves and go to the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: You would need more information than just their names.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean you have. There is enough. There is some information right? Like there's.
Tim Sackton: you know, there's names, and they're sort of like
Tim Sackton: there's a bit of information, but you would probably need to go like, find their house, and, like artifact or something.
Mike Sackton: That's what I was trying to figure out is is our next step here to take this list of names and go poke around, drink or and find all their find some evidence of their lives right? Or or is it to go to the land of the dead? But it sounds like, we need more information than what we have.
Kate Sackton: I mean does.
Tim Sackton: One second.
Kate Sackton: Does Kenzo like sense? The 7 individuals individually, like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: so you can get. I mean, you get some you get some like sort of echoes from the from the dagger of of these 7 individuals. You get a bit of like of of color like you can pick up. Kenzo can pick up things like you know
Tim Sackton: the fate. You know the place they like to walk or like, you know,
Tim Sackton: not necessarily as specific as where they live, but I mean, for all you know, some of them might be memorialized in this very temple, right like.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: you can. I think you know Kenzo can pick up enough that if you you know, if if you sort of if Kenzo like focuses and soul sites. What focuses soul site on 1 1 sort of particular person and name? You could pick up some clues from Kenzo's soul site about
Tim Sackton: about the person.
Kate Sackton: Can we get our crack research team like pouring over this place like, how how do we get people off of the stupid ship? And in
Kate Sackton: like we're always flying or teleporting or something. But we're around.
Tim Sackton: A big ladder. You've got a 50 foot ladder, so if you come close to the you just
Tim Sackton: the ground, people can just climb down.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Are we thinking we would.
Kate Sackton: I don't know if it would help if they were memorialized here. Just the fact that their name was on a wall wouldn't necessarily give us any additional information.
Kate Sackton: unless there was a long descriptive plaque.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Often, though, like tokens of the person are buried with them in a national.
Tim Sackton: Like we've noticed around here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, so, maybe, yeah.
Kate Sackton: So maybe we should get a bunch of pairs of eyes looking around for these 7 names.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tim, is there anywhere where there's like an
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): index of who's buried here like I might expect if I was a.
Tim Sackton: I don't know is that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have, a.
Tim Sackton: You tell me is that common in churches passing so fast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean in cemeteries. Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like. Often. Like, if you go to a really big cemetery, there might be like a a reception kind of place where there's a person there, and you're like, I'm looking for so and so, and they tell you oh, they're in.
Tim Sackton: So there's there's no people here. There's there's not. So there's not like a reception in the crypt itself. But you know, just from looking above when you were in the ship above, like, there's a whole administrative, complex sort of on the back of the temple, and there's almost for sure, like a lot. And it your sense from being in the plaza, was that this
Tim Sackton: aura of halo extends. It's not just bounded right on the temple itself extends a little way out from the temple, and so there's a good chance that some temple records survived.
Tim Sackton: But you have to go out of the temple to look for them.
Mike Sackton: Some of us may be.
Mike Sackton: What are we going to do with the dagger?
Kate Sackton: Leave it here where it's super well guarded.
Kate Sackton: It's not super well guarded. You dispelled all the guards.
Kate Sackton: The whole space is still hollow.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Resmond didn't dispel. Dispel it.
Tim Sackton: Well, yes, but it now can be detected by divination. Magic, for example.
Mike Sackton: I I think we put it in the portable hole in the in the lead wide locket, and then we've it in, and then somebody stays with the portable hole
Mike Sackton: in here.
Mike Sackton: God see you.
Kate Sackton: Does that protect it from the sort of magic you're.
Mike Sackton: Not, as well as Rye's 7th level spell, but better than nothing.
Mike Sackton: Some spells won't cross Planar boundaries. Some will.
Tim Sackton: Right. It would protect it from locate object or stone sense, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: Right, but not divination.
Tim Sackton: Not more.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh! God! Mercy!
Tim Sackton: Okay. So somebody's staying here. It's now about like 3 or 4 like, say, 3, 30 in the afternoon.
Tim Sackton: So who's going outside? Who's who's doing what? Let's get some action going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Search, so.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The 1st thing you notice when you step out is Vendrasharna is nowhere to be seen.
Tim Sackton: like, not even on the horizon.
Mike Sackton: Right. They said they had to run away.
Kate Sackton: From spectres. It sounds very falco-y.
Kate Sackton: softening them up. Sort of thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got a message from Vendor Shauna.
Kate Sackton: Well, I took it upon myself to send ascending to Feldrick because I was interested in
Kate Sackton: making sure they hadn't been attacked.
Kate Sackton: They had.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): can we still talk to Faldrick like? Do you have some kind of like a a safe word system that we've set up like
Mike Sackton: Didn't we have one? After the seeker tried to kill him? Incident.
Tim Sackton: You have a bunch of passwords to like. Verify that you're who you say you are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's let's just bounce that off him real quick, too, just in case.
Tim Sackton: You gotta spend another sending spell, though it's like a 3rd level slot each time you want to exchange a message with him, because telepathy has long since ended.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean, can we just sort of assume that I sent the sending? I mean the sending.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So when you 1st contacted him, you would be like, you know, all the appropriate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Password verify me, or something.
Kate Sackton: There you go.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. But yeah.
Tim Sackton: He verified he would. He sent back appropriate services.
Tim Sackton: but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Far away. So, yeah, so we search right?
Tim Sackton: You spend an hour search, maybe
Tim Sackton: actually go ahead and roll investigation just to get a sense of how long you spend searching.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we roll with advantage, since there's a couple of us.
Tim Sackton: Yes, advantage. You should roll with advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 23.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: you spend. I don't know 45 min poking around 30 min. And you do find that like the there's a
Tim Sackton: what's basically a hall of records.
Tim Sackton: it's got. It's actually got a. It's a large archive it's got, you know, a bunch of
Tim Sackton: of information. It's got records of of who's buried, but it also has just like a whole host of like Temple records. You know, things like
Tim Sackton: marriages, and there's no tradition of like baptism or anything. So there's not birth records, but there are death records. There's marriages. There's like, you know, some other just other details about.
Tim Sackton: You know the people who
Tim Sackton: not everybody in Drankor, I mean Drankur was a huge city, right like not everybody in Drankow would have been associated with this particular temple, despite it being the largest and most famous right? But you do definitely. You know.
Tim Sackton: you are able to find for sure. Collate 4 of the people that you have names for. So 3. And I really should have made up some names, but I didn't so feel free to invent your own names in your heads.
Kate Sackton: Dopey, sleepy, grumpy.
Tim Sackton: Has not appropriately drank hard, and so so 3 of them are, in fact, buried
Tim Sackton: in this temple.
Tim Sackton: They are, in fact, not buried in this temple. They are memorialized
Tim Sackton: because their bodies were never recovered. And these are so this is. This is in the sort of late period, right. This is when the Temple hierarchy was acting in some ways as kind of a counterinsurgency against
Tim Sackton: Apollyon's rule. Right. Apollyon was very eager to suppress the the worship of the of MOS numina, because he wanted to replace them. But it seems like there, there actually was a interest by these
Tim Sackton: by the priests and priestesses who are writing this record, whose names have been lost to time in memorializing the martyrs of Apollyon, which is a large list of names like the, you know, there's a bunch of people who were disappeared or
Tim Sackton: murdered or imprisoned, and never.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: Least.
Mike Sackton: These guys were all disappeared, or murdered, or imprisoned, and never released.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. And in fact, 3 of their names are on this martyrs of Apollyon sort of secret record.
Tim Sackton: and they're all the the the particular priest, or the sort of
Tim Sackton: society this like group of of people who were this group of of divine
Tim Sackton: magic users, divine people who were memorializing the the
Tim Sackton: the dead were were part of what seemed to be an order of not just divine magic users, but other
Tim Sackton: one of these these secret societies of drankor that was devoted to the father, I think.
Tim Sackton: yeah, and and we're we're sort of known as the radian path, or or auto, Lucas.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Didn't we hear that name before.
Tim Sackton: No, you heard the Pyro something.
Mike Sackton: Now, yeah. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Prior one.
Tim Sackton: So your suspicion is that the the the martyrs of Polyon, would be memorialized somewhere in the
Tim Sackton: chapel of the father, that's all.
Tim Sackton: So 3 of them you could probably find some information about there.
Tim Sackton: The 4th was not, was not buried here. The 4th was not buried here
Tim Sackton: because she was not a human. She was an elf.
Tim Sackton: but she was also listed in this martyrs of Apollyon.
Tim Sackton: and there's some information. There was a Elven neighborhood.
Tim Sackton: An Alvin sort of collection of of places where elves lived just to the north of where the
Tim Sackton: is, and and that is where she lived.
Tim Sackton: There's a there's like a you know, all of these martyrs. There's like a little
Tim Sackton: short little paragraph about like each one, right like where they, you know, some memorial, some record of who they were
Tim Sackton: sort of in the same vibe as like the hall of stories, but more of a.
Tim Sackton: you know, keeping the memory alive of the volume disappeared.
Tim Sackton: Type thing.
Tim Sackton: So there is very, very likely enough information to find.
Tim Sackton: Her home, or at least some place associated with her
Tim Sackton: in the neighborhood, just to the north of the Temple.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you don't.
Kate Sackton: We have left on our heroes feast about 2 h.
Tim Sackton: 3 h.
Tim Sackton: A you see.
Tim Sackton: So other things that you find I'm so sorry before I come back to what we'll be searching for
Tim Sackton: what's what's everybody else doing in the meantime?
Tim Sackton: Oh, see E.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: That's a good question.
Mike Sackton: Where? Well, he's going to search.
Tim Sackton: Look into the temple records, like the temple outbuildings.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Well as soon as some of us went with him, because it was a multiple investigative thing.
Kate Sackton: And then, as soon as we found some information that some of them were buried here
Kate Sackton: or memorialized here? Did it give information about like whether there's readable trinkets, type memorials.
Tim Sackton: You have to go search, you'd have to go look in the.
Kate Sackton: The father.
Tim Sackton: Chapel.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: All right. So some of us are already looking in the under chapel of the Father. Then to follow up on that.
Tim Sackton: But you do have a from this, from this like book of martyrs. You do have this little like a little paragraph about each person.
Mike Sackton: Is that enough? Do we think.
Tim Sackton: Well, you really you want some physical token as well, but that, plus some physical token, is almost certainly enough.
Kate Sackton: That we have 3 physical, 3 informations, and.
Tim Sackton: 4 informations, information.
Tim Sackton: 4 names listed in the Book of Martyrs, 3 humans, and one elf. You have enough in the paragraph to find her house or find her neighborhood, but she was not buried in that. She was not memorialized in the Temple because she didn't. She's an elf.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: That's 3 weeks in the book. Sorry.
Kate Sackton: So like, I said. Some of us are already gone to the.
Kate Sackton: So we're looking for tokens there, if anything was buried. But then we'll plan an expedition before our heroes. Feast runs out to go to the north
Kate Sackton: to look for the Elf house, but that's only 4.
Tim Sackton: Yes, oh.
Kate Sackton: Do we know the races of the other 3.
Tim Sackton: So from Kenzo's soul site. Yeah, I think you probably would know one of the other.
Tim Sackton: So of the 7.
Tim Sackton: For our humans.
Tim Sackton: One is
Tim Sackton: One is an elf.
Tim Sackton: One is a halfling.
Tim Sackton: and one is peranar like one of the an elf, but like one of these elves that was like associated with humans.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: and of the 4 humans, 3 are memorialized in the temple, the elf, you know you can at least know their neighborhood.
Tim Sackton: That still leaves one human, the paranor and the halfling. That you are uncertain of.
Mike Sackton: So go to the Elves. Neighborhood is another plan that'll be scary. But okay,
Mike Sackton: try and find tokens for the 3 people buried here, we knock that off quickly.
Mike Sackton: Do that. Yeah, yeah, at least 2 right?
Kate Sackton: We could ask the What are the.
Mike Sackton: You said just a halfling and a paranoid. Wait! Am I.
Tim Sackton: One more human, one more human who's not listed in the Book of Martyrs.
Mike Sackton: The halfling, the Elf, the paranor, and 4 humans. Yeah, that's 7. Okay. I was somehow adding 3 and 3 and getting 7
Mike Sackton: bound.
Mike Sackton: Eric and Kong are fast asleep.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, we're not.
Tim Sackton: I don't lie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were communicating with each other.
Tim Sackton: What just happened?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, Eric and I were having a parallel adventure in the dream world enter the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: planet of consciousness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're looking for things.
Mike Sackton: we need to find information in the dream world.
Mike Sackton: That's not a bad idea. Actually.
Mike Sackton: we're we're trying to find. So okay, let's let's at least search.
Mike Sackton: The 3 find the 3 humans.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, okay, so that takes it. Well, well, Welby is still like digging through the
Tim Sackton: right records and stuff every time you find a name you're like, Oh, this matches like, go look right right right, you know. Somebody goes and looks around in the in the under chapel of the
Tim Sackton: of the father, and you do find memorials.
Tim Sackton: There's there's actually, now that you know what you're looking for. There's like a corner of the corner of this of this under chapel, actually, a reasonably big section of wall that's sort of decorated, all in a sort of similar style.
Tim Sackton: Where there's a whole bunch of
Tim Sackton: of of these sort of death masks that are like shaped like the the faces of the people who died. But
Tim Sackton: where the eye. Normally the eyes would be painted sort of like lifelike right, but the eyes are painted closed.
Tim Sackton: And it's done in this very particular style where they're they're almost. They're almost painted with this sort of
Tim Sackton: sort of morning. Look normally, normally. Actually, these like looking around at the style, like most of these tokens and memorials and things seem like they're sort of cheerful right? They're like happy memories. They're they're kind of like the best of what people remembered of of these people. They're
Tim Sackton: memory lying. But there's these 3. Well, there's this whole section where everything's sort of painted in a different style, and you find the 3
Tim Sackton: Antonius Floria.
Tim Sackton: Marius! 2 men, and a woman. All were with their death masks painted in this sort of detail, with the eyes painted closed, mourning like tears, a few tears down their face like clearly a different style. The death masks alone would probably be sufficient to
Tim Sackton: serve as a token of these 3 souls, to separate them.
Kate Sackton: Okay, good cause. There's nothing else. So
Kate Sackton: oh, well be, is there any like
Kate Sackton: family lineage, connection, ancestral knowledge, halfling thing that you can pull up about a halfling who was sacrificed to Apollyon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is such an interesting idea, of course. Yes, definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I forget what we agreed mechanically, how that works. But definitely, Welby goes into a.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like you spend all your instead of one use. You can spend all your uses and like, just get an automatic bonus.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: Thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, and so.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So I do that, traveling back through the collective memory of the halflings to the life of this one person.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So the the halfling name is Serafina apple blossom and you
Tim Sackton: welby sort of pauses for a moment and and
Tim Sackton: you know, goes into a bit of a trance and you reach back, and you're in the memory of the sort of halfling memory
Tim Sackton: stretching your mind back into the past, catching the sort of echoes of the Apple Blossom family descending down and down through time and tracing them back, and you catch
Tim Sackton: glimpses and images in the sort of
Tim Sackton: in this sort of the sort of ancestral memory of the halflings that are that you really find yourself sort of reconstructing something about Serafina from what's missing, because, of course, her memories, her soul has never been able to join, the ancestral consciousness being trapped as part of Apollions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure.
Tim Sackton: But you see the places you see, the things that are missed in that sort of apple blossom lineage. The she ran a tavern. She was known as a great cook. In fact, her tavern was popular
Tim Sackton: primarily for its food. It was you. You sort of catch these almost sense in your memory of
Tim Sackton: fish stew with complex spices.
Tim Sackton: Like a vague sense. This this tavern I mean it was in drankor, for sure.
Tim Sackton: The what's a good Halfling tavern? Name the the dancing.
Tim Sackton: I use Dolphin too much.
Mike Sackton: Laughing wave.
Tim Sackton: A laughing wave.
Tim Sackton: You can see. You can sort of see in your memories like glimpses of the people that came through, and
Tim Sackton: then the sort of darkness as the tavern closed and was destroyed as Serafina vanished. And and you you could. I mean this, you see enough. You get enough sort of context that you could find the tavern. It's it's near the docks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I saw him in.
Mike Sackton: So one to go.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, one human and one partner.
Mike Sackton: Wait the elf we got.
Kate Sackton: Their neighborhood.
Tim Sackton: Is in the Book of Mars.
Mike Sackton: Oh, oh, right! So we know where they went. We could find their house. We know where they lived.
Mike Sackton: Do we know any? We know nothing about the human.
Kate Sackton: Or the partner.
Tim Sackton: There is there is one human. Now I'm making up all the names. So the human is
Tim Sackton: so the one thing about the human, the other the last human who's not in the Book of Martyrs?
Tim Sackton: their name. Their name is not very it's
Tim Sackton: which is, which is definitely not. I mean, that's not. That's not a typical drankorian name. And of course Apollian has not recorded
Tim Sackton: details about these people.
Tim Sackton: But it certainly sounds like somebody who was perhaps a foreigner in the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know what the origin like? What nationality that name might be.
Tim Sackton: It's this is pretty like lost the time. But yeah, sure make I think Eric has totally vanished, but probably
Tim Sackton: Seeker is the one who should make this like a history check. Anybody's proficient in history, or somebody roll for seeker
Tim Sackton: seeker has a plus.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, don't use my role. I think somebody beat me to it.
Tim Sackton: Speaker has a plus 1511. So 26,
Tim Sackton: yeah. Okay. So I mean, the Drankorian. The Drankurian Empire was large, and there were people from all over. Of course, many people from like you know what is. Now, you know, isn't Gay or Samara and things. But this is not.
Tim Sackton: This is not that this was not. This is not a
Tim Sackton: secret, doesn't know precisely the language. But this is almost certainly a name from somebody who came from the South, probably on a ship, probably not a
Tim Sackton: not somebody who actually lived in the city, but somebody who would have been, you know on the docks, basically
Tim Sackton: anywhere where you can find a port or
Tim Sackton: places where ships docked, you might be able to find traces of this person. Perhaps they stayed at the laughing wave.
Tim Sackton: Gross are close.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Kate Sackton: I mean, we're going towards ducks, anyway, for the laughing wave. So.
Tim Sackton: Right. And remember, Kenzo can can like soul site and get.
Tim Sackton: If you're close, can get like traces of these souls right? You can find echoes of them in the land.
Kate Sackton: That we just need.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. What are we doing? What are we doing right now?
Kate Sackton: So we're about to go on expeditions to recover items for 3 of the 4 people. We have items for 3 of the people. We need items for 4 more, and we have leads, 3 of them, and then we have no information yet about the elf. The half elf friend.
Mike Sackton: Paranore.
Kate Sackton: Here, I know so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm in Darworth now.
Mike Sackton: Like all all elves, know each other. Really, you play that card.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All halflings know each other.
Kate Sackton: It's crossed.
Kate Sackton: Simon's face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It literally just happened like, just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're awesome, superior, and magical, and shit. You don't all know each other like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're at least as good as halflings. Right? I thought right not not as
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the halflings are better than hell. Is that.
Mike Sackton: you you win this round.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I figured the elves would be at least as good as halflings right like.
Kate Sackton: Maybe the Per Norm knew the full elf, and we'll
Kate Sackton: catch a a clue train there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a very, it's a very gentle escape hatch. There.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm trying. We could start by trying to get clues from where the where this this guy is right. The I mean, we know where the elf lives. Right? So.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: But I mean my other plan was just to ask the gods.
Tim Sackton: A reasonable plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I also again sorry I was. I fell asleep. Where's the ship? Did we find the ship? Did.
Tim Sackton: Off.
Mike Sackton: So they got chased away by spec, by spectres.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? Eric's awake
Mike Sackton: And awake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, this is, we're not looking at Eric at all. That's not even Eric. Why is Eric so purple like really purple? Right? It's Eric like extremely purple.
Mike Sackton: He? He? Yep, he's very purple. Well, not anymore. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric, I think you turned into a grape from Willy Wonka and the chocolate. Did you eat like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spell, dispel, grape.
Tim Sackton: The spell, grape.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait. Sorry we're outside the temple now. We're like wandering around outside directly.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, not yet. We're planning our wander.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay. Okay.
Kate Sackton: But we do need to do it in the next couple of hours before heroic feast wears off.
Mike Sackton: So far we have identified 6 of the 7 lost souls of a Polygon.
Mike Sackton: 3 of them are humans.
Mike Sackton: 3 of them are really not so much less souls, victims.
Mike Sackton: Epic Apollyon's victims. Right, the Guardian.
Eric Rosenbaum: In, the.
Mike Sackton: They're in the factory. Yeah, 3 of them we rescue. We identified as martyrs.
Mike Sackton: Sacred to the father. They were all they were all buried in in this temple, as like.
Mike Sackton: you know, the Church's underground resistance to Apollyon's rule, right? And they were like people who were documented as folks who Apollyon.
Mike Sackton: who like we're resisting a polygon. We found they're like death masks and things. So we think we have enough information about them to summon them back from their forgetfulness. Once we get them to the plan of the dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. So what do we have to do to for each one? Each of the people.
Mike Sackton: We have to have enough information about each person that their soul will recall, that will be able to somehow get their soul to remember something about who they were in life, so that they will burst out of the black tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And.
Mike Sackton: Go forth in the way. Right? I mean, that's the basic idea.
Kate Sackton: And and a physical token so like.
Mike Sackton: A physical token. Yeah, yeah. A physical token is help. I don't know if it's strictly necessary, but it's certainly very helpful.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: if we get information about all 7 of these people and then somehow end up in the land of the dead with the dagger, we basically convince each of the 7 people, hey, you're like can go free. Now, remember, you're an actual person or halfling, or elf, not a trapped minion of a polyon, and as they break out of the dagger, each 1 1 by one. Once the 7, 1 of them breaks out of the dagger, it shatters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. So who's holding the dagger?
Mike Sackton: The dagger is currently in the locket, in the portable hole around, I guess. No, I guess Riswin probably has it, or maybe I don't know somebody who didn't leave the Temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While we left the temple.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, cause.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As we went.
Mike Sackton: We went to the Temple we went to like the Hall of Records next door to the Temple.
Tim Sackton: But the how, the the hollow, the aura of the magic of the temple extends about a hundred feet outside the temple.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Not have to leave the protected.
Mike Sackton: We also have identified a Halfling, who was the owner of the Laughing Wave Inn, which we know where it was. We can go find the inn and poke around, and we've identified
Mike Sackton: an elf who we've identified an elf. We don't. We know where the elf lived? I forget how we know where the elf lived.
Tim Sackton: The elf was, so 4 people reported in the book of Mark. 3 were buried in the temple, but they buried in.
Mike Sackton: Right, right? Right? So there's an elf in the Book of Martyrs, and then there's the. There's the foreigner Kemet, who seeker, deduced from the name in a fit of unrealistically heroic inspiration. He must have been a traveler from the South.
Mike Sackton: but we don't know anything about him other than other than that he was probably a traveler from the South. We could poke around.
Eric Rosenbaum: But not.
Mike Sackton: To try and find more information about like, where was the expat quarter, you know, in the
Mike Sackton: and then there's a paranor, one of these elves, who, like the who sort of were closely allied with the humans who we know nothing about yet. But I was just proposing. I just ask, dealt with. Just ask the gods, hey! Where's this guy? Where did he live?
Mike Sackton: Or I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Mike Sackton: Tom.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna contact on the plane.
Mike Sackton: I get 5 questions I may ask ask about Kemet, too.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But they have to be yes or no. Questions.
Mike Sackton: True, and yes, no. Questions are kind of a pain for finding where the paranor would be.
Tim Sackton: Was he north of us? Was he west of us?
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, you could binary search, but it's a little bit 5 questions, doesn't doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Doing a great binary search. Now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to think if there's something more useful we could ask than just vague, binary, searchy type questions.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: While you're thinking about that like longer term, we're gonna accomplish what we can before our heroes feast runs out, and we sort of got to hide here until we can get back on our ship
Kate Sackton: because of the fear
Kate Sackton: right? And then when we get back on our ship, we could fly out of the sphere of fear and do another heroes feast, because that's how we're going to sustain ourselves through
Kate Sackton: another day.
Mike Sackton: I think so, but we could just Rainbow Bridge back to our ship.
Kate Sackton: All right doesn't matter where they are.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And it because it's within a hundred miles. We hope it resets every day.
Kate Sackton: Have we already Rainbow Ridge today.
Tim Sackton: You did not?
Tim Sackton: No, no.
Mike Sackton: We teleported the Rainbow Bridge was our backup.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we also might want to go explore at least one of these places while we still have today's, here's feast.
Kate Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's what I was saying.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there might be undead wandering around that we have to kill and stuff like that. But.
Tim Sackton: I mean, Dimitar told you there were thousands of undead.
Tim Sackton: He was maybe a little bit prone to exaggeration.
Mike Sackton: I mean, clearly there's undead our ship was driven off by a horde of specters.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: But we
Mike Sackton: yeah, just like like walks outside and smiles, and then all the end dead die right? It's like.
Kate Sackton: I'm quite undead. But somebody I think I don't know. I it's
Kate Sackton: what do we strategically feel about?
Kate Sackton: I think we need to leave the secret magical thing that we probably shouldn't be talking about out loud, because we could get scryed. Sort of well, I guess. No, this is hollow. Can you scry.
Mike Sackton: Right? Yeah, yeah. How it doesn't prevent scrying.
Kate Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Been watching you this whole time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will we spin the top.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's spinning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's not scrying us right now.
Mike Sackton: No, that means he is. Oh, no, that means he's not. No, that means he is scrying us right.
Tim Sackton: If it's spinning, he's you're being scryed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but wait. I have seen visible, Tim. If he was crying us I would have seen it.
Tim Sackton: That only lasts for an hour. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but.
Kate Sackton: You should have mentioned a sensor when he was looking around.
Tim Sackton: Right? Okay, it's sort of random.
Tim Sackton: He's definitely checking in on you, but it's a bit random. You you prefer that he wasn't scrying you the very moment that you opened the.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Cast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That at that moment I think it would have been very reasonable for us to spend been spinning that.
Mike Sackton: No, I had.
Tim Sackton: Down with had seen visible up. If he'd been scrying you the moment you open the chest you would.
Mike Sackton: I would have seen the sensor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay, all right. That's good.
Kate Sackton: Okay. But somebody's gotta stay in this space with the thing
Kate Sackton: in case somebody walks in. Now that it's not like invisible, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. Even it is currently not visible because it's inside a lead line thing inside a thing.
Tim Sackton: I'm not scriable, which is fortunate.
Tim Sackton: because the Pollyan almost certainly checks every day. Can I scry on my dagger?
Tim Sackton: But if you take it out of the portable hole, it becomes scriable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Kate Sackton: But is it extra safe for someone to be in here with it compared to out there with it like? Should we not split up the party and just trust the portable hole, or should we split up the party and leave someone here with it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait? Why? Why would we split up? Shouldn't we all stay together?
Mike Sackton: Because we're not convinced it's safe to take the dagger out of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Mike Sackton: The temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably not. Yeah. We should probably keep the dagger inside the temple. That makes a lot of sense. I think that's wise.
Kate Sackton: I kind of am arguing for these, split up the parties into a team, protect the dagger and a team.
Kate Sackton: find stuff.
Mike Sackton: Well, maybe Seeker should stay behind with the dagger, since he's asleep, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can stay behind with Speaker and the dagger.
Kate Sackton: We need you to like.
Mike Sackton: Well, we need you to punch undead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, fine. I'll come. I'll come punch undead with my magic fists.
Tim Sackton: So you wanna go to the north.
Tim Sackton: Where do you want just to the close place the house to the north.
Mike Sackton: Well, where's the laughing wave.
Tim Sackton: The laughing wave is all the way at the docks.
Mike Sackton: How far is that?
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's like it's there's a nice clear road, but it's like almost a mile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you make this map.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So cool.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! I'm not even I forgot. There's a map enrolled. I didn't even go enroll 20. I forgot there was a map. It's the same map you had the other time right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looks like legend of Zelda, or something.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's using this program incarnate that has a whole bunch of like stamps and things. Whereas the Alvin house is like in this little neighborhood. It's in this little.
Mike Sackton: Let's go to the Elven House and then regroup.
Kate Sackton: All right. So Seeker stays with the temple just to guard the temple, and the rest of us go to the Elven House
Kate Sackton: 34.
Mike Sackton: Where is the Elven House compared to the Temple? Again?
Mike Sackton: Okay, the temple is the big Domi thing.
Tim Sackton: This big Domi thing. So you're you're going. You're going like
Tim Sackton: 800 feet. Something like that.
Mike Sackton: Right right is the implication here, by the way, that all this jungle that this all used to be city. And it's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, this entire thing was city. It's just most of it's overgrown with.
Mike Sackton: Right, right, right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: But every now and then there's little towers that poke up out of the out of the jump.
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? Yeah. Let's go check out the Elf's house.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you leave the temple.
Tim Sackton: The 100 or 200 so feet of your journey, you know, are relatively, you know, relatively not
Tim Sackton: terrified as you oops. That's a little terrifying. Oh, that's pretty good. As you
Tim Sackton: begin to slowly sort of creep to the north through the forest through the the ruins. Sort of following this road, heading sort of vaguely northwest
Tim Sackton: you reach.
Tim Sackton: You pass through the the forest, gets denser as you get away from the temple, and and you start to see like these ruins are not
Tim Sackton: here. Let's
Tim Sackton: let's do something like this
Tim Sackton: right like there's there's trees growing up through the buildings, and you know you'll hear skittering sounds in the distance, and every now and then you think you hear like
Tim Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: Whirl of you know the whoosh of some sound. There's an expedition to the Alvin
Tim Sackton: House seeker is staying behind to sleep and guard the dagger.
Tim Sackton: Well, I think everybody else goes. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You travel
Tim Sackton: again. It's only it's only like 500 feet or so, and you're sort of, you know, creeping along a little bit
Tim Sackton: to the off, to the left, to the east.
Tim Sackton: not directly in your path, but something you might need to watch for if you want to head to the docks, you? Kenzo feels this like wail of terror, this sort of wave of this plague energy.
Tim Sackton: these sort of cursed spots.
Tim Sackton: But ahead seems clear.
Tim Sackton: You you pass. You pass a wide road. That's in places still paved with marble. It seems unnaturally dark underneath the trees, like there's
Tim Sackton: the shadows stretch longer than they should even at
Tim Sackton: at 4 o'clock. This far south, I mean, the sun is pretty low.
Tim Sackton: Twilight doesn't last very long.
Tim Sackton: But there's a sort of darkness that seems to be pressing even more than just the
Tim Sackton: the night, the approaching night itself.
Tim Sackton: I mean, as you cross this road into this sort of more open area. You see what you're looking at ahead of. You are sort of
Tim Sackton: So there's there's these big jungle trees growing.
Tim Sackton: and they're sort of growing through what's what's root like the ruined courtyards of what? What used to be like a fairly big sort of
Tim Sackton: apartment block or something, but it's
Tim Sackton: the art, I mean. It's all. Nothing is above
Tim Sackton: one story now it's all collapsed. There's piles of rubble around
Tim Sackton: what it seems to be, I mean, is this sort of very twisting sort of elegant curvy, almost wavy architecture.
Tim Sackton: And Kenza, you you sense. You can feel now if you concentrate the the strongest sort of
Tim Sackton: echo. Strongest impression of this of this elf volanthi
Tim Sackton: is in the courtyard of this building just ahead of you.
Tim Sackton: So you step forward into the courtyard.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Into the darkness of underneath this large tree.
Tim Sackton: What order are you going in?
Tim Sackton: There's like a big archway that leads.
Mike Sackton: Daleth will go first.st
Tim Sackton: Okay, I mean, you know, expecting trouble. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take up the rear rear.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll be in the back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Reswin and Kenzo in the middle. Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as you go forward, stepping through the archway,
Tim Sackton: The clustered, clustered shapes around this central tree.
Tim Sackton: shadows begin to detach and sort of swarm in your direction.
Tim Sackton: There are maybe
Tim Sackton: 30 or 40 of them warming towards you.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and and role initiative. I don't think I'm going to bother with it.
Tim Sackton: Battle map for this.
Kate Sackton: Don't think that I was like holding my holy symbol ready to.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure you were. But you still got a role initiative.
Kate Sackton: Sure! Fine!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Natural 20,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think. Advantage on initiative- initiative. Roles.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled 2 twos, though. That's funny.
Kate Sackton: Okay. So Welby, sorry. Welby's 12 riswin's 30.
Mike Sackton: Wait you. You rolled a 2 and you have a 12. I rolled a 10, and I also have a 12.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled the 20, and I have a 30.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You win. You win this round, too.
Tim Sackton: So so sorry Rizman was like, wanna do you want to swap anybody.
Mike Sackton: Maybe Rizwyn should go first.st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's fine reason you want to trade.
Kate Sackton: Sure you can have my 19. You can be.
Mike Sackton: 19 is not terrible. It's not like you're back of the bus like dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back of the bus and able to connect with his ancestors. You know the whole thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Swap it up. Let Risma.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Riswyn is first, st Kenzo is 19.
Tim Sackton: too many things. Okay. So Riswin is, first, st nobody beats the 30.
Tim Sackton: So you see, there's probably 30,
Tim Sackton: 35 of these shades.
Tim Sackton: 3 of them seem to be somewhat larger and more substantial.
Tim Sackton: 1 1 is like looks like maybe a soldier like armored whereas the shades themselves are
Tim Sackton: you know, just sort of blackness pulling away from the
Tim Sackton: you know, from the tree itself.
Tim Sackton: So what is Riswin gonna do?
Tim Sackton: Though the shades are minions. Most of these are minions. Just to be aware.
Kate Sackton: Are they undead minions.
Tim Sackton: Yes, they're undead.
Kate Sackton: What I'm doing is is turning is my divine action of turning undead whatever it's called.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: So I hold my holy symbol up, and I speak a word any undead that I
Kate Sackton: it, says each undead of my choice.
Kate Sackton: But I I doesn't say there's a limit at how many I can choose, so.
Tim Sackton: No within 30 feet. So that's not gonna be everybody. But it's a good fraction of them.
Kate Sackton: Choose all of the undead within 30 feet of me, and
Kate Sackton: they have to make wisdom saving throws, or be frightened and incapacitated, move away.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Can't you destroy them?
Kate Sackton: Oh, right! When I do turn, undead
Kate Sackton: any undead that fail their saving throw. Take 5 d. 8 radiant damage.
Tim Sackton: What's the savings, though.
Kate Sackton: Wisdom.
Tim Sackton: What's the number?
Kate Sackton: DC. 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay, okay.
Tim Sackton: So as Riswin holds up her holy symbol and this holy light washes out from from you.
Tim Sackton: about.
Tim Sackton: Let's see? Don't roll, roll, damage! What's the damage? 5 d. 8.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It actually doesn't matter, because if they're minions they
Tim Sackton: roll roll damage, anyway, because I need to know for one.
Tim Sackton: For one thing.
Kate Sackton: 5 d. 8.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I need to.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: about 20 of the 30 shades just instantly
Tim Sackton: vanished into the the holy light. About 10 of them are outside of the range of your divine magic.
Tim Sackton: and they're about 40 feet away from you.
Tim Sackton: One who seems to be.
Tim Sackton: you know, maybe stronger than anybody else.
Tim Sackton: the like soldier, the one with dressed in armor that seems to be, seems to resist the effect.
Tim Sackton: And the the sort of her 2 like lieutenants
Tim Sackton: turn and run and flee, taking damage that, but not being destroyed.
Tim Sackton: not as Riswin's turn as Kenzo looks and sees. You see, about 40 feet away from you. 10 of these
Tim Sackton: dark undead shades clustered against the back wall of this big open courtyard
Tim Sackton: surrounded by the sort of destroyed bodies of
Tim Sackton: the 20 shades that rizwin just destroyed. You see this dreadlord, the sort of clearly the leader of this pack of undead
Tim Sackton: sort of moving in your direction. And then, next to her, there's 2
Tim Sackton: lieutenants who have been frightened and seared by Rizman's divine energy, and are turning to flee.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice, good.
Tim Sackton: Or what does Kenzo want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll go attack the the main bus guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A quick soul site.
Tim Sackton: Cr, 9. Not super strong. Helps to wipe out all our minions in advance. Resistant to
Tim Sackton: acid cold fire, lightning, thunder, basically all the elemental damage.
Tim Sackton: Good at intelligence and wisdom, immune to
Tim Sackton: charmed, exhausted, grappled, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, restrained, but not frightened or stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I'll try. Stunning strikes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright 1st attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 25.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dc, 16 positive.
Tim Sackton: That's she rolled a 19.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second, that side of 15 damage. Second, attack, 27 hits that does 13 damage, first, st unarmed, strike 14.
Tim Sackton: 14 misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 24 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's another 10 damage, and then last attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. 29 that hits, and then another 10 damage.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo rushes forward and pummels this shadow. Lord, who's clustered on your last attack
Tim Sackton: as you strike her with a last attack, she
Tim Sackton: inhales out, and this red mist flies out of her mouth, make a constitution, saving, throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you resist the effects and are not poisoned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Muscles resistant to poisoning.
Tim Sackton: True, so it might not. But she doesn't know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Tim Sackton: She just that ends your turn, and the shades close in on you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is exciting!
Tim Sackton: 10 of them.
Tim Sackton: Surrounding you. That's 18 to hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Miss have a 19.
Tim Sackton: Kenza just dodges out of the way of the grasping hands of these shades.
Tim Sackton: ducking and weaving as they try and get a a handle on him.
Tim Sackton: That ends the shades. Turn
Tim Sackton: The dreadlord is going to cause a 20 foot. Radius sphere appear around.
Tim Sackton: deal with, and Wellbee, who have not closed into melee. Yet you both need to make a dexterity saving, throw as
Tim Sackton: spectral arms, emerge and begin to grasp and and hold on to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At 2.
Tim Sackton: He's 17.
Mike Sackton: Dean.
Tim Sackton: Darworth is restrained.
Tim Sackton: That's why I didn't know what you rolled.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Towards 22.
Tim Sackton: 22. You are restrained. You are not restrained. Dawith is restrained, and then
Tim Sackton: she is going to turn to Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Sorry she's gonna make 2 energy attacks blasting at.
Tim Sackton: She's going to move out of range of Kenzo. So she's not in melee with Kenzo anymore. So she'll take an opportunity attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Opportunity attack 29. That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's another 15 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and then she'll shoot 2 blasts of energy with advantage at the restrained dealt with. That's a 20. The 1st one is a 20
Tim Sackton: 25.
Mike Sackton: I'll cast shield.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The second one is a 26.
Mike Sackton: 26, hit.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you take 15 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: and that ends
Tim Sackton: the shades and her turns the wraiths are running. Do they get to make a save at the end of their turn.
Tim Sackton: Oh, only if it takes damage.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: the 2 rays just flee. As long as they don't take damage. They're just huddling in the wall as far from rizmin as they can
Tim Sackton: that brings up dealt with, and then wellbeing or wellbeing, and then dealt with sorry.
Mike Sackton: Oh, God!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, good to go. I'm gonna use a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lightning arrow and try and get as many of these as I can.
Tim Sackton: You already used. Lightning arrow today
Tim Sackton: used it at the end of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the same.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. In that case I'll just take steady aim and see how many I can get.
Tim Sackton: Are you going for the the boss or the minions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think the minions. Let's just clear these guys out.
Tim Sackton: You can line up at least 4 of them in one shot.
Tim Sackton: if you will, high enough for your damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tom, 35.
Tim Sackton: That will take out
Tim Sackton: re, and then the extra 5 points carries over to take out a 4.th
Tim Sackton: So 4 minions go down as Welby's arrow pierces through 4 of these shades, and they both just
Tim Sackton: collapse and disintegrate, as Dawith is restrained by these grasping hands.
Mike Sackton: So what's left.
Tim Sackton: What's left is the the boss lady, the dreadlord?
Tim Sackton: The wraiths who are fleeing, and 6 minions.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: how many of them could I get in one? Could I get the boss and all 6 minions in one
Mike Sackton: 30 foot cube, 1 30 foot sphere?
Tim Sackton: You can't get the boss without also getting Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: That's okay.
Tim Sackton: And you can't get the wraiths, because I mean.
Mike Sackton: I can careful spell to avoid, get.
Tim Sackton: But you can get. Yes, you can get the minions and the boss in 1 30. But Steve.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm just gonna cast.
Mike Sackton: Wait. They're not immune to radiant though they're
Mike Sackton: they weren't immune to any particular damage right?
Tim Sackton: Sorry I didn't. I forgot to say they're immune to necrotic, but nobody has.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I think I'm just gonna cast. I don't know. I don't stuck here right? So just gonna cast.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast
Mike Sackton: and the second ingredients.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So that brings us back to Riswin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened with the second second ingredients.
Tim Sackton: Well, it happens at the start of their term.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay. Good.
Mike Sackton: And I guess I need to careful spell to keep Kenzo from.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you don't want to microwave Kenzo.
Kate Sackton: Does that mean that I shouldn't step into where there's going to be a sickening radiance.
Mike Sackton: Now I can careful spell 5 creatures. So I I you are immune to.
Kate Sackton: Thank you for immuning me.
Kate Sackton: And is she the the Lord is surrounded by her 3rd near her right.
Tim Sackton: The minions are near her. Yes.
Kate Sackton: I guess it doesn't really matter.
Kate Sackton: Do they just go poof! If we kill her, anyway, I'm just gonna go attack her with shatterstorm.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Roll, to 20 to hit.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Kate Sackton: Now I'm just rolling the shadow storm. Damage button. We need
Kate Sackton: 32.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So with that strike, I mean, she's badly wounded at this point.
Tim Sackton: Although she does resist the thunder damage. So it doesn't quite do. 32 and is now surrounded by this like glowing energy with Rizwyn's strike of sort of vibrating energy. So if she moves, she'll take more damage, and that brings up Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright tennis.
Tim Sackton: Indians to your left, and you've got the boss to your right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna finish off the boss. Try to.
Tim Sackton: I got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1st attack 28 that hits DC convexin 14.
Tim Sackton: He's stunned, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay, alright so that's the 1st attack. Second attack.
Tim Sackton: Everything else is with advantage from here on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect 30. But let's see if I roll a natural. Okay, so 30 hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that does another 13 damage 1st unarmed. Strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21 second. Okay, it's still 21 hits. Yep, that does another 7 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second, unarmed. Strike 28 hits. That does another 9 damage last unarmed. Strike 19.
Tim Sackton: That it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19 hits.
Tim Sackton: She has only 4 hit points left, so I don't think you can fail to kill her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So with Kenzo's last, strike this. This bread, Lord, not
Tim Sackton: really that powerful of a dreadlord, but.
Tim Sackton: Bit of a nuisance, anyway, for those who don't carry around clerics in their pocket vanishes
Tim Sackton: into black smoke. And again
Tim Sackton: with that last oh, I guess rizwin too, rizwin. You gotta make a constitution saving so
Tim Sackton: sorry. I forgot that Kenzo as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21.
Kate Sackton: It's not a concentration. Gym.
Tim Sackton: Just not with advantage. Just will d 20 plus 8.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, it doesn't matter. You both of those succeed. Okay, both of you resist again the
Tim Sackton: poison that coughs out of her with your strikes.
Tim Sackton: As she disintegrates
Tim Sackton: And the shades now swarm around.
Mike Sackton: They make their second irradiance saves before.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, they failed their second ingredient, save so the shades all die.
Tim Sackton: So there's nothing left but 2 wraiths who are
Tim Sackton: forced to flee, and are easy to pick off with relatively little effort on your part.
Tim Sackton: and you are left standing in the center of this courtyard. Still
Tim Sackton: a sense of foreboding lingering here. But, Kenzo, now that the
Tim Sackton: now that there's not undead
Tim Sackton: you can, you can feel the sort of echoes of this Alvin woman's soul. Here and clearly she spent
Tim Sackton: a lot of time sitting in this sitting in this courtyard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice any artifacts with her DNA on it.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a
Tim Sackton: perception check. I guess anybody who wants to search.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14.
Kate Sackton: 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 32.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only at 32.
Mike Sackton: 17.
Tim Sackton: Welby heads over towards
Tim Sackton: one of the windows like a window in the courtyard. That. So there's like
Tim Sackton: it's like the interior courtyard around an apartment complex.
Tim Sackton: And goes over to the to the window. And kind of looks inside and sort of peers. Here's peers down.
Tim Sackton: And you can see. Well, be, you see, like inside, this is this was like a sun room or a sort of a sun porch. There's like a series of windows. There's a doorway
Tim Sackton: that is filled in with rubble.
Tim Sackton: but in the window you can see it's you know. It's it's mostly filled with rubble. There's there's not much left, but there's something that's glinting in a corner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, pull it out! What what is it?
Tim Sackton: It is the not like a
Tim Sackton: part of a quill, like the ink, part of a silver quill, I mean Kenza. When you touch this you can. You can sense immediately that
Tim Sackton: violanthea. This Elvin woman, was a writer.
Tim Sackton: and this is what's left of her writing.
Mike Sackton: Tell that seems like success right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Elected.
Kate Sackton: It will time it back to the temple.
Tim Sackton: Thanks.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: There is another pack of shades that you see on the road, but if you run you can make it to the temple before they reach you.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I think that's reasonable.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is seeker alive.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is alive. Nothing has come in the temple, nothing can come in the temple, because everything here is undead, or aberrations, or elementals that are blocked.
Kate Sackton: Well, we keep being threatened, that is, gonna show up at some point. So.
Tim Sackton: Maybe he has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How says this should be undead by now, right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe seekers, Foster.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you returned to the temple?
Eric Rosenbaum: How fast it.
Tim Sackton: About 6 6 Pm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, the pilots do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly what Fausto would say. That is exactly what Fausto would say.
Tim Sackton: But best, I would say.
Tim Sackton: The threat was never festo was going to attack you. It was that he was going to attack your ship.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Venger. Sarana is still not back.
Tim Sackton: You can see in the night sky it's nowhere to be seen.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should go to Vindar. Sharna.
Mike Sackton: getting a little worried all of a sudden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we bringing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shouldn't we destroy the dagger first? st
Mike Sackton: We still have to.
Kate Sackton: I think we need to wait for tomorrow to have another set of missions to the dock to. We need to regroup so that we're
Kate Sackton: able to go on missions to dock and get more people, clues.
Mike Sackton: We have.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You got 4.
Mike Sackton: 4 of 7.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I mean, we're not. Gonna we shouldn't do any more missions tonight. It's yeah.
Tim Sackton: But you can decide where you want to rest.
Mike Sackton: We? We go back to the ship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Rainbow bridge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we rest in the magical place that's protected from everything.
Mike Sackton: Because if Fausto has taken over Vindisharna, don't you want to go?
Mike Sackton: Well, I guess if maybe we should rest here
Mike Sackton: taking over Vidya Sharna. We probably want a long rest before we go. Kill him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. And also, if we like, show up, go back to the ship where we're all weekend. And then Fausto then just takes the dagger from us, and then we got our.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we stay and rest in the Metro.
Mike Sackton: Some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or if we can't.
Mike Sackton: Do you have another seek? Do you have another sending.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you check in with our ship buddies?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do that last name.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, and get get like, the exact position.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, like, where are you? Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have him drop a PIN.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So I will say all the appropriate authentication codes, and we're gonna
Kate Sackton: spend the night here. But we need to know your status, or we'll change our plans.
Kate Sackton: And where exactly are you? And what's your status?
Tim Sackton: The message you get back is
Tim Sackton: You seem too dangerous to stay.
Tim Sackton: Not sure we were up for it.
Tim Sackton: heading north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's doesn't seem like an answer to the question that was asked.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's suspicious.
Kate Sackton: Is, that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Kate Sackton: There were no appropriate authentication.
Tim Sackton: No no appropriate authentications.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's like way more terse than he ever is.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you only get 25 words with sending, but still you're right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, but they he authenticated back that it's him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: This him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): My control under control, taken over, duplicated. At that moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That doesn't matter. Let's we'll go back to the ship later. Let's agree. Stay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: finish the thing with the dagger, destroy the dagger, then go back.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If all of our mates are dead. Oh, well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not oh, well, but you know we'll we'll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Compared to the whole world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: To get back within 7 days, and I can resurrect them one at a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's that's a solution. The trolley problem didn't contemplate.
Tim Sackton: Well, I've wondered you're gonna kill yourself to open a portal to the
Tim Sackton: land of the dead. You might you better save some resurrection.
Mike Sackton: Just say one of us is gonna have to kill ourselves. Somebody's gonna have to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo's definitely gonna die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, jeez.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kind of myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's kind of my job in the party.
Mike Sackton: That wasn't kill you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, we'll we'll all kill you!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Let's stop there.
Mike Sackton: Volunteering, I mean, don't get me wrong. We're waiting for volunteers.
Tim Sackton: Temple is definitely a safe place to rest, so I assume you probably want to rest, and we'll pick up next session in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: That's great testing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so there's nobody. Nobody will interrupt you. In the night you can long rest and resettle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
Tim Sackton: The temple is the one safe place in all of.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to scry the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you go!
Tim Sackton: Scry, fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of.
Mike Sackton: Guy fails.
Tim Sackton: You do not, does not work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that mean?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what does that mean?
Tim Sackton: It's like there's a ship is
Tim Sackton: inaccessible to divide, to scrying magic.
Mike Sackton: Let's not.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Great.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's cool, though it's fun.
Tim Sackton: A puzzle for another time.
Mike Sackton: Sounds good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll kill. We'll kill fast, though, later.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Pastor really wants you to chase after him with that dagger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Every well, we we were so close, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nope, gotta stay here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got to stay here in the safety of the magic Temple thing.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Let's stop there.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna stop recording.